 1 Jong Exit I have an 845 appointment. I'm Mark Donahue. Did your ID on you? Yeah. And I have you down for the same day antigen test. Okay, yeah. Can you explain what is an antigen test? Antigen test actually looks for the proteins on the virus, whereas a PCR and a NAT actually looks for the virus itself. Those are both molecular, the NAT and the PCR test. The antigen test is not. this is not. So typically, if you're traveling in actually, they'll accept a PCR, because they're more sensitive. They may not always accept an antigen, they sometimes will. Oh are you traveling Yeah I going to Thailand Thailand yeah What are the advantages of the antigen Usually it faster turnaround The results on these ones come in like 15 minutes if we run it They're just a little quicker, but not as sensitive. So sometimes they'll accept it, but in a different window. So they might say, you have a 72-hour window, you get the PCR, but if you get an antigen test, you only have a 24-hour window. Usually they'll lay that out in the government website. Yeah, I don't know anything about it. I mean, what day are you traveling? It's two days from now. Two days from now? So Friday? Yeah. I mean, it's up to you of course, but PCR is typically the one accepted internationally. You should have a very good chance of getting that one accepted. If you don't know if antigen is accepted, it's a little bit of a chance. I trust my girlfriend to judge me. She reached out. Yeah, totally. That's totally fine. I understand. understand. The home tests, do those use antigen? They are, but they don't usually accept them because they need to be administered by a health professional and then they have the results. Cool, yeah, thanks for answering those questions. We got that back. And antigen test is going to be $59.99 today. Do I get the results in the app Yes so it actually will go to the app or on the website Either way with your account you just log in And it actually will send you a text message when the results are in. And you grab this bag and you'll get a receipt to your email in the next few moments. Let me just show your schedule. You said you're traveling Friday? Yeah. What time? It's 10 AM. I'll check in and just print out this paper for you to get to the nurse. Okay. And make sure your name and birthday is all stuck right there. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Go behind you to that sign. Thank you very much. Hey, you from London? How are you doing today? Good, how are you? Oh yeah, great. I love that Chick-fil-A. I eat it so rarely. I'll have to grab that sticker. Yeah, there's always a line over there too. Yeah. Can you just give me your full name and date of birth, please? Mark Donahue, 2nd January, 89. Perfect. So for this test, I just need to go about that far into your nose. Okay. So it relevant 10 seconds each side Okay You can bring your mask down Okay, you're all set. Excellent. I have a question. Sorry, you're open for a little bit. Can you explain how the antigen test works? So the antigen test looks for proteins of the outside of the virus. Unfortunately, it is less accurate compared to like a PCR or a DNA test, which identifies actual genetic material of the virus, but it's still solid. How much less accurate is it? It's 70% accurate. Okay. Like it's properly done, 70% accuracy. The PCR is like 90 to 99. It's probably done pretty well. Do you have to go less far into the nose? Because when I've had tests before, they were way further into my nose. Right, it depends what test you get for this and the PCR test. Yeah, we only have to go as much as a brush, but some countries require an asopringil. The asopringil is a lot more deep, so there's different techniques, but most of the time, you don't have to go that deep. Okay, yeah, so they offer this one just because it has a faster result? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, thanks a lot, man. Have a good day. You, too.