 Okay, here's my dream. Uh... I meet Jada Soar and that other girl she's with. For some reason we're at like... a drugstore? And then I talk with them. And uh... they're like, oh... Very shortly into our interaction they invite some other guys to be there. You know, those same guys that do the interview with, those tough guys. That, like, former prisoner Asian guy. And then, like, they just ignore me. And she's obviously a YouTuber who I have a crush on. And they make some comment about how I'm too quiet, and that's that. And, you know, my feelings are hurt, so I run away. and then I think we're like all sleeping in a room together like the two guys the two girls and me all sleeping in a room together and then I wake up and then I kick them out of my room at like 2 or 3am for some reason and I don't remember why I do that but uh and then when the dream ends I in the Coachella Valley and I like well I guess that's what Los Angeles people are like, Allie always warned me about the Los Angeles people, and then, uh, I'm at Allie's house, and her parents have a pool, and it's like, I say, wow, this pool, it needs some um sand can you put sand in there and their artificial pool can put sand in and there's even like an indentation in the pool where it's like meant to create an artificial beach and then uh and then i'm driving and a black guy gets into my car and i'm like wow man i'm pretty messed up um I don't know if I want to drive you he's like no it's okay let me I'll help you out let me know what you need me to do and I'm like well put the key in the ignition it's the Honda key and uh he he does it and then I'm driving and then I accidentally put the car in reverse and then I drive in reverse for a long way and then I come up to an accident and then someone's walking in traffic and then I hit the person in traffic, like, you know, like hit them with a lot of speed. And I'm like, well, guess I'm going to jail now. Uh, shouldn't have let, shouldn't have let that guy in my car.