 Just built him a shed. He goes, great deal. They said for $900, I buy the shed, they'll install it. I said, that's cool. I was like, if that's what you want to do, you go for it. But what I'm going to tell you is they're going to come there. They're going to tell you, you have no platform. You have no this, you have no, no this. And exactly what I said, they're like, oh, well, yeah, well, we'll install it for free for the 900, but we're going to have to charge you another like $3,000 to build the platform, to build this, to build this. Okay. And I said, always ask those questions because if you have them come in and I'm not telling you to buy any means to do anything as to the flooring with me because I said it would be $1,550 that's what the in tax and garbage and everything and she goes can we do anything less I said look honestly because I have to do the payroll we have to do this the taxes turn it all in the lowest that we go with $1,300 that's including buying the flooring that the garbage dump run the six mil plastic that has to go in for underlayment. Do you know what I mean? So there's other things that go along with that. So Allie said that she was trying to buy, she was trying to save money by buying her own equipment on several things. And what we're talking about now is the flooring? With the flooring in that room. That's what you were discussing. Everything else here, Amy and her got everything together. I started the whole conversation and then And as soon as Amy did the scheduling and started doing everything else, I'm kind of kicked out of the loop. But I've been kind of gradually getting back. I said, I need to know exactly what's going on. Yeah. You know, I said, we need to start communicating more because we're all super busy. You know, everybody does everything. Yeah. So with the flooring in there, that was a separate thing. It was a separate thing. Yeah. Because as to this, this literally for the flooring here was like 300 bucks. Right. For the labor, the materials, and getting rid of indemnities. And that was it. Uh-huh. Because it's such a small space. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, when she is... So, you're saying there's still some... A decision hasn't been reached as to whether the flooring in the other room will be changed, and a decision hasn't been reached about who's providing the materials for replacing the floor. If you guys decided that you wanted to do the flooring that matches this... Yeah. that is your guys's decision at the 1300 right yeah and if you say yes then when i when i go tonight to go get this flooring i'll look at them and say well i need another 380 square feet of the flooring okay to finish that off and then that goes up in price and then i'll come back in we'll have to start doing demoing that as well i'll have malachi here yeah he'll be demoing all that out getting all the trash out and doing all that so that was a separate job because she was discussing it before but it was never like an immediate thing she was the immediate thing i want to focus on is the bathroom okay she goes we'll go into the future if we're going to do that room in there because i know that that's going to be become your office yeah okay and she goes the green putting green oh yeah it's not cool yeah yeah the guys at work they're like do have to water that thing right do you get uh good hole-in-ones not much of a golfer oh yeah no it's fucking terrible like anytime i walk on it barefoot like my feet itch like there's something in that carpet we gotta get rid of it's an older uh older carpet type style you know that's more for outdoors right right um my friend he actually does uh turf and all that stuff and I actually met with a long time friend of mine's mom yesterday with him and I was like holy crap this stuff has come a long way it actually feels like grass nice and I was like and he goes yes you know it goes anywhere from 18 to 22 dollars a square foot that with the installation and the 15 guarantee and I like you gotta throw me on it I not buying this crap my buddy mom is nice I was like this is amazing from what it used to be Yeah, I was like I would love to throw this in my yard and never have to mow lawn again Yeah, yeah, I mean maintaining a lawn is just so much work to get weeds and stuff like it's you got a high quality Yeah, yeah, I like it like I don't know if you know I live right around the corner over by the fire department off 120 oh yeah yeah and I swear to God during the winter and the in the spring the lawn looks beautiful huh and then we still water it we still do whatever we can in the morning at night but it still dies during the summer yeah the the the lawns never used to die during the summer you know it's something that started happening in the past five or ten years yeah and you know it's funny as I talked about this and I lived in Phoenix for ten years or brought me back as I married my wife and blah blah blah she's like I am because she came down to visit me during the summer she goes there's excuse my language there's no effing hell way that i'm living in this place so you're moving back to washington i was like but uh down there it gets so hot they it literally burns the grass so people have professional spray painters that come in and spray their lawn green during the whole summer unbelievable that's that's insane yeah i know i said it looks good so okay uh yeah so yeah i mean i'll i'll get that decision about the the door trim or whatever uh from ali to you and then i thought that we had already reached an agreement with the green with the green carpet room um so i'll have ali reach you with that decision as well yeah i don't i didn't know i haven't heard anything back but yeah i mean it's just right over there yeah i remember that room we were talking about your guys's fireplace too that day and she's like how much will this be and i'm like that's i i had literally i mean everyone who comes in this house tells us to get rid of this fireplace but that's a little too ambitious what's weird is during the 70s and the early 80s these are like big focal points you know like people with the bigger fireplace it's awesome but man it is a nightmare so i've been thinking about this a lot yeah you know and uh to do this we would literally i have to get up in the attic which you know I can while we're here is look and look at this structure up there I think the attic entrance is right here right yeah and look at the trusses and see how the build would go because I would literally from the top down have to be tearing this apart I couldn't just come in here and start tearing this down because everything here would just collapse and then we're causing more damage more problems in your home huh so if we were to get rid of this we'd start from top going down all the way below that's us redoing joyce trusses that's us redoing subfloor filling that in you know so it's it's a big project and not counting that the weight of this i did a small let's see it was probably in total five ten ten four feet high and cinder blocks and there was about two tons worth of brick just in that small i'll tell you right now it's probably a third of this size huh and it was two tons of brick and mortar i went to the top and they were like how in the hell did you get this on your truck i'm like i don't know but it ain't running great and after that my truck started acting funny so i have it in the shop right now oh man yeah well um yeah i mean that's more of a wish list thing but uh you You're welcome to go up in the attic and give us a more detailed quote. Yeah, and then take some pictures and we can figure that all out. But yeah, this is something that can be done in a day. Right. While we're working on the bathroom, Josh and I, they're actually all finishing another job. I was like, I need to get over there and get this going. They were like, yeah, yeah. But Amy was like well we have a problem The freaking tub in the surround isn available It not going to be ready until the know the third of july is the latest and i like are you kidding me she like no i was like well why the hell did we wait so long oh your other your other job isn't going well no it's going fine this for the tub and the surround here yeah amy was ordering it yesterday to get everything here to try to have it here on tuesday well because the money took a little bit to clear through the bank and you know us going back and forth with the questions and you know the concerns with Ali and her when they were discussing it has now pushed us out to where the delivery on the tub wouldn't be until the 28th or the 3rd of July for my tub so my bathroom's not gonna have a tub until the 28th of July no no no 28th of June or the 3rd of July and Ali's like don't worry about it we have another bathroom huh well see these are things that we're both figuring out i thought i don't know man um and amy was like well should we hold off on doing this she goes no we're in a hotel right now we want the demo to happen huh so i'm figuring this all out this morning too like i got a text and i'm like are you freaking kidding me yeah i mean we are staying in the hotel now um you know that's is is there any way like we couldn't source the bathtub i thought we could just go to home depot and get our own bathtub to install i thought ali was doing something like that so this is the thing the kit that she wanted and she had put on to us yeah for the thing is one full kit and it's the boots maui whatever it's called where's yeah um that one was in stock a few weeks back but now it's out of stock so they have to order it special order and have it shipped in um yeah i mean maybe we could switch to a different bathtub that is in stock so that we don't have to be without a bathtub for two weeks that's what i was wondering yeah and that's something I would like for you guys to look at and so when you go on the Home Depot site yeah no so like I have yours here so it's saying there's this one yeah this is the one that she was looking at yeah so but I don't know this one's different it's saying 879 69 so what I do when I go in to do a search so let's go home depot okay so we go bathtubs tub and shower so there's a button here that you can hit in stock in store today right no so we'll do right hand and why does it not let me do it four piece we'll say a four piece setup usually it says in stock at store today and click that and it'll pop up and then it'll tell you okay see unavailable at beltview 118 available to ship to store and that's the 30 by 60 that's another style so 118 are available to ship to the store it's not there today 14 available to ship 38 so they're all shipping there's nothing that's physically in stock so if i go here and say okay let's change our area let's go to renton yeah so you're just saying that you know the bathtub we wanted is unavailable and our choice is that either we wait two weeks without a bathtub or we try to just get a different bathtub and that kind of yeah and that kind of the problem is i can go and search right now say i set this down we don start the demo yet right we start it tomorrow i go personally to home depot yeah and i look and i take pictures send to you say look this is what we have in stock right now yeah this is what we can work with yeah i mean i'm i'm not that picky about the bathtub i'm like i feel it'll be a problem to get another one yeah i know that you're a pretty tall guy you know and you know having a 16 inch shower yeah it's low and then you're sitting there and then you're pointing the shower head up higher yeah you know and then you have to stand back when the 74 and a half inch one that you have or 78 high would be high enough to where you have just tilt yeah you know what i mean you could be up close washing and step away when you're soaping up rather than you know trying to fight the water as you're washing yourself off so decision is now do i pause today run my butt to home depot or lowes look around for a shower send you pictures back and forth and you say that's what i want go for it no no i mean worst case scenario i would rather be without you know because we're all we're all set up for demo right i mean we're out of the house and everything so I'd rather be without the bathtub, be without a bathtub for a couple weeks. Yeah, then pause the demo. Okay. So with that being said, what's going to happen is it's going to roll over, waiting for the tub. I'm not going to be installing the vanity because I need that space to put the shower and the surround in. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty sure Allie would be able to find a shower or bathtub that's in stock and, like, purchase it for you so you don't have to halt the demo and, you know, you could just send a guy out to get it. Yeah, no, that's perfectly fine. Amy's going to be searching as well. As long as we're okay to, like, you say, okay, get whatever you can that's in stock. Yeah. That matches as closely as possible. Yeah, yeah, that's exactly right. All right, I'm going to call Amy and tell her, search right now. Yeah. Find something that matches and resembles that's in stock today. Okay, okay, good, good. That's what we'll do because I want to get the demo going. Right. So you guys can come back home. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Right. So let's do that. Okay. I'm going to call Amy right now while I grab the other zipper. Tell her to look for another one that resembles it. Get it ordered. Let's get it here. Okay, great. Make sure that it's in stock. Great. Okay. Thank you. Everything else is okay. The vanity, everything else that is on the list is all in stock. So that is all going to be ready. I'll be picking that all up tomorrow. Where can we stage the things right now? Can we stage them in here? Yeah, yeah. That's perfectly fine. Is that good? Yeah, no problem. And if you could let me know by tonight about whether or not if you guys want to proceed with this one or if you want to go with the carpet. Yeah. So you said $1,300 was the lowest you could go, including materials? Including the materials, the haul off, the demo, the cleanup. Yeah. And what I'd like to do is also include with you, instead of this old, I don't like the old base that they do, the two inch. I'd like to do a more modern for you guys and get a flat stock four inch that goes in with the new flooring. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I'll run that by Allie. I think that's about what we were going to pay to recarpet it anyway. Yeah, she said something about $1,100. And I'm like, nice hardwood, waterproof, that's going to last longer. Is it real hardwood or like artificial hardwood? It's a LVP, a laminate vinyl plank, which has longer durability. It's scratch resistant, you know, things like that. It's got some real wood in there, though. Yes. It's just like plastic coated. Yeah. Okay. It's going to be the same stuff that we put inside the bathroom. Cool. Yeah, I'll run this by Allie. I'm pretty sure that you can't go any lower. You can't go to $1,100, which is what we're going to pay for the carpet. With the taxes and everything that we have to pay for, that's what we're looking at. Because basically, we're zeroing in on $1,100, but after taxes, it's going to come out to $1,300-something. Okay, yeah, I'll run it by Allie. Okay. Cool. Yeah, thanks a lot, man.