 1 Jong Exit I have an 845 appointment. I'm Mark Donahue. Did your ID on you? Yeah. And I have you down for the same day antigen test. Okay, yeah. Can you explain what is an antigen test? Antigen test actually looks for the proteins on the virus, whereas a PCR and a NAT actually looks for the virus itself. Those are both molecular, the NAT and the PCR test. The antigen test is not. this is not. So typically, if you're traveling in actually, they'll accept a PCR, because they're more sensitive. They may not always accept an antigen, they sometimes will. Oh are you traveling Yeah I going to Thailand Thailand yeah What are the advantages of the antigen Usually it faster turnaround The results on these ones come in like 15 minutes if we run it They're just a little quicker, but not as sensitive. So sometimes they'll accept it, but in a different window. So they might say, you have a 72-hour window, you get the PCR, but if you get an antigen test, you only have a 24-hour window. Usually they'll lay that out in the government website. Yeah, I don't know anything about it. I mean, what day are you traveling? It's two days from now. Two days from now? So Friday? Yeah. I mean, it's up to you of course, but PCR is typically the one accepted internationally. You should have a very good chance of getting that one accepted. If you don't know if antigen is accepted, it's a little bit of a chance. I trust my girlfriend to judge me. She reached out. Yeah, totally. That's totally fine. I understand. understand. The home tests, do those use antigen? They are, but they don't usually accept them because they need to be administered by a health professional and then they have the results. Cool, yeah, thanks for answering those questions. We got that back. And antigen test is going to be $59.99 today. Do I get the results in the app Yes so it actually will go to the app or on the website Either way with your account you just log in And it actually will send you a text message when the results are in. And you grab this bag and you'll get a receipt to your email in the next few moments. Let me just show your schedule. You said you're traveling Friday? Yeah. What time? It's 10 AM. I'll check in and just print out this paper for you to get to the nurse. Okay. And make sure your name and birthday is all stuck right there. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Go behind you to that sign. Thank you very much. Hey, you from London? How are you doing today? Good, how are you? Oh yeah, great. I love that Chick-fil-A. I eat it so rarely. I'll have to grab that sticker. Yeah, there's always a line over there too. Yeah. Can you just give me your full name and date of birth, please? Mark Donahue, 2nd January, 89. Perfect. So for this test, I just need to go about that far into your nose. Okay. So it relevant 10 seconds each side Okay You can bring your mask down Okay, you're all set. Excellent. I have a question. Sorry, you're open for a little bit. Can you explain how the antigen test works? So the antigen test looks for proteins of the outside of the virus. Unfortunately, it is less accurate compared to like a PCR or a DNA test, which identifies actual genetic material of the virus, but it's still solid. How much less accurate is it? It's 70% accurate. Okay. Like it's properly done, 70% accuracy. The PCR is like 90 to 99. It's probably done pretty well. Do you have to go less far into the nose? Because when I've had tests before, they were way further into my nose. Right, it depends what test you get for this and the PCR test. Yeah, we only have to go as much as a brush, but some countries require an asopringil. The asopringil is a lot more deep, so there's different techniques, but most of the time, you don't have to go that deep. Okay, yeah, so they offer this one just because it has a faster result? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, thanks a lot, man. Have a good day. You, too. 60% off and Klein Tommy Hilfiger style. Um, let's see. The Junior Developer. So, maybe I'll expand the My Stories section a little bit more, but, like, I don't know if it'll hurt my credibility. that's more like the job searching section so I just want like general advice for the coding bootcamp graduate in the process of learning software so one thing that a lot of people think is that even if you can find a solution to a problem you'll be like oh my god I don't know if this is the right way to do it. I don't know if I'm solving it the right way. But I would say that getting a working solution is probably 80% of the way there. And once you can, you know, get a working solution, you'll be able to understand why a different working solution might be better. Algorithmic thinking. just don't obsess with like whether you're right or wrong or good or bad i remember when i was under pressure to like what am i going to publish what am i going to publish to my github oh is my github any good i don't know if my github is any good at all and who cares like i also remember like obsessing over like god i didn't even write this like this is basically something that was just written for me like at the at the github or the this was basically given to me wholesale by my code and boot camp like why the hell should i do this or why the hell would anyone be impressed by this so like i felt like it would be cheating for me to like highlight this stuff. Even if, you know, like people, you have to understand, like you have to overcome your like innate feeling of unworthiness. You innately feel like you don't deserve a job. Like there's better candidates out there. Who cares? Maybe that's true. Maybe it's not, uh, your job. Well, you don't have a job yet, but your goal is to get a job no matter what. The difference between being unemployed and being employed is massive. When you're employed, you have something to do. You're able to exaggerate that experience later on. You're getting paid. Being able to get any job, even a starter job, was amazing. When I had my first job, it was like, um, well, I followed kind of a winding path, but I never would have been chosen for that prestigious, like big tech company fellowship, uh, or internship, which paid a good amount of money if I hadn't had that first job. So, I mean, I effectively doubled the amount of money that I made by accepting that internship. Um, but if I didn't take that first job, you know, if I turned my nose up at him and been like, oh that's a really old company with a very old uncool programming language why the heck would i want to work there i never would have gotten the big tech internship like one thing necessarily builds into another thing the most important thing for you is to have live demos live demos of really any kind so you want to show the code i would think show the code that you've written um you know write a blog post describing the project highlighting you know like the technical challenges like you know the the design the architectural decisions that you made um for example like uh and then you know you want to have a live version of the app deployed and honestly if you can do like a full stack app that like has Full stack basically means HTML, JavaScript, server, database. That's it. And then you want to like thread the data through there to achieve create read update destroy functionality That's what I've always said. Create, read, update, destroy. So yeah, it needs to do that. And the project domain, it can be something incredibly simple. it can be something incredibly um it can be incredibly you know like recipes i met a lot of people who used like a recipe apps i met a guy who did like a smash brothers like like a smash brothers like ranking like he collected a lot of statistics about smash brothers players and you know that got him a really good job at a bank like these passion projects are really valuable and the skills you learn on these passion projects are really valuable my own passion project i had a friend who was like very into my mentor in the tech industry was someone who was very interested in how much money he made um you know at a big tech company and so he asked me to do statistical analysis to turn to determine exactly what percentile of compared to people who went to college in his year, um, what percentile he ranked into, which is cool. You know, like, uh, the one thing that I love about software engineering is really data science. Data science is, I would say it's like one of my real passions, uh, with regard to being a backend engineer. I love the, I love the data. I love the database. I love the scientific method. I love coming up with innovative techniques to, you know, get the data and, you know, make meaningful determinations based on the data. In fact, this is something that, you know, if ever there's like a, there's a tricky query to be run, I am the go-to guy who loves to get his hands dirty with the tricky or difficult query with regard to our database. That is what I do. Um, yeah, so I definitely want to have like a data science chapter. So I think like for the like learning software engineering section, I'm going to be able to put all of my pet projects and my pet data and you know, the Pokemon thing, the fucking, uh, the Pokemon challenges, working with APIs, front end, like, put some of that stuff in, and I can also put code examples in, like, ChatGPT will just fucking write the code examples for me. Yeah, when it comes to different programming languages, like, basically, they can be categorized thusly. Compiled strict typing. Um, uh, front end JavaScript frameworks, web development frameworks. Um, and then probably true programming, which is, uh, you know, like low level. I, I've never done any like true programming, so I don't really feel qualified to talk about it. If that's what your passion is, like getting a job as a web developer will give you like there's a base level set of programming skills that you can get. Like, these include things like debugging, writing loops, writing conditionals, running code. These base level skills, which, by the way, most people do not know how to do this kind of stuff. these base level skills will make it so that once you can like, you know, even if there's a very big difference between working as, you know, a junior developer, you know, web development, like role, like you're just doing something like that, you still, I mean, let's say your dream is to, go write video games in Unity over at Valve. Being a junior developer being a junior web developer is still to be a better preparation for you to be um you know a you know a unity developer at valve i heard people complain about getting typecast like i don't know if that's really true for me i always liked ruby on rails because it's just incredibly pleasant to use the the role that you have as a ruby on rails engineer is much different than the role that you have as a node engineer. But yeah, so research. Spanning. Headless Selenium Browser It got me this job Yeah, my Headless Selenium Browser It got me both of my jobs My little, my little spam bot Whosoever bindeth to himself a joy Doth its winged light destroy I should write my spam bots that I can remove people of certain backgrounds from my fucking, from my fucking LinkedIn. Anyone who's not American, anyone, I wish I could make it so I could easily determine a fake profile. Like, how do you determine a good profile versus a bad profile that's the exact kind of thing that a machine learning algorithm should be able to do like i have a lot of people on my linkedin who are bad but i should probably parse the data like parse the data so that it would just be like professional history and name and then maybe like residence and then i would just train the algorithm like without asking any questions about what it does to say like these 1,000, well, these 500 examples are bad. These 500 examples are good. And then just see how the algorithm categorizes it. And that way I would be able to use, this is the kind of thing I could have never talked about because it is a kind of derogatory kind of, you know, not kosher, but yeah. So. Learning software engineering. Yeah, now I'll be able to write a really good chapter on working with APIs. I'm going to need to have a different example than the Pokemon API. but yeah i'll just present the problems and then i'll present the solutions in the following chapter that way i will encourage them encourage the the user to be able to do it and i do need to write a chapter about ChatGPT. Yeah. An irreverent guide. I have drank so much fucking water today. I have drank more water than I almost never drank before. there's just there's something so gratifying about being able to say stuff and see it show up on a computer i don't know i don't know what it is uh i could automate that step of the process but it's like why you know you have to have to ask yourself the i could automate where i send an email like that contains the audio file and i could have to automatically download it and reformat it and put it into the correct file. Like, why the hell would I do that? What's the point? There should probably be a chapter on customizing your... customizing your development environment so my hope is that this book will be generally applicable but it also will the brake not good yeah so I have a lot to share and I Allie was like oh Mark well don't be sad if it doesn't sell and I was like Allie it does not matter to me if it sells for me successful means seeing my book published in the Kindle store. That's it. If it doesn't sell, it doesn't sell. But this is something, it's all worked out. So, Spambot. Sharing my techniques. Yeah, I love spamming. I'll write a chapter about spamming. Unfortunately, I got an IP level bad from Okay, cute bird. A long time ago. Utterly undiscerning. Yeah, yeah, I like it out here. Um, let's see. So, Mark McGowan. Where's Mark McGowan? Which bathroom is the best? I kind of feel like going to the Best Buy bathroom just because of... Yeah, I mean there's this really complicated process. I haven't been out here in a while. In fact, my phone will tell me the last time I've been out here. I don't think I've been out here in like two fucking weeks. Shit. I think Baldur's Gate is the reason I haven't been out here. There, you know, a well-preserved older gentleman riding his bike. Um... So... Yeah. Puto Madre. You must learn to work with different APIs. Yeah, so bare minimum HTML and CSS. Then CSS framework. Then inline JavaScript. It's pretty rudimentary. Maybe I can take the material in this boat. No, it doesn't fucking matter. Like, I don't know what this guy's doing. Oh, I had my blinker on. I feel like a moron now. Um, yeah, that's what you get doing two things at once, I guess. Let's see if the fucking garden center... Oh, he took a piss. I've never been to this garden center before. Surely they'll have a bathroom here, right? Yeah, let's put this fucking down. Oh, he's a nice little phone. Beautiful. Beautiful. Just built him a shed. He goes, great deal. They said for $900, I buy the shed, they'll install it. I said, that's cool. I was like, if that's what you want to do, you go for it. But what I'm going to tell you is they're going to come there. They're going to tell you, you have no platform. You have no this, you have no, no this. And exactly what I said, they're like, oh, well, yeah, well, we'll install it for free for the 900, but we're going to have to charge you another like $3,000 to build the platform, to build this, to build this. Okay. And I said, always ask those questions because if you have them come in and I'm not telling you to buy any means to do anything as to the flooring with me because I said it would be $1,550 that's what the in tax and garbage and everything and she goes can we do anything less I said look honestly because I have to do the payroll we have to do this the taxes turn it all in the lowest that we go with $1,300 that's including buying the flooring that the garbage dump run the six mil plastic that has to go in for underlayment. Do you know what I mean? So there's other things that go along with that. So Allie said that she was trying to buy, she was trying to save money by buying her own equipment on several things. And what we're talking about now is the flooring? With the flooring in that room. That's what you were discussing. Everything else here, Amy and her got everything together. I started the whole conversation and then And as soon as Amy did the scheduling and started doing everything else, I'm kind of kicked out of the loop. But I've been kind of gradually getting back. I said, I need to know exactly what's going on. Yeah. You know, I said, we need to start communicating more because we're all super busy. You know, everybody does everything. Yeah. So with the flooring in there, that was a separate thing. It was a separate thing. Yeah. Because as to this, this literally for the flooring here was like 300 bucks. Right. For the labor, the materials, and getting rid of indemnities. And that was it. Uh-huh. Because it's such a small space. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, when she is... So, you're saying there's still some... A decision hasn't been reached as to whether the flooring in the other room will be changed, and a decision hasn't been reached about who's providing the materials for replacing the floor. If you guys decided that you wanted to do the flooring that matches this... Yeah. that is your guys's decision at the 1300 right yeah and if you say yes then when i when i go tonight to go get this flooring i'll look at them and say well i need another 380 square feet of the flooring okay to finish that off and then that goes up in price and then i'll come back in we'll have to start doing demoing that as well i'll have malachi here yeah he'll be demoing all that out getting all the trash out and doing all that so that was a separate job because she was discussing it before but it was never like an immediate thing she was the immediate thing i want to focus on is the bathroom okay she goes we'll go into the future if we're going to do that room in there because i know that that's going to be become your office yeah okay and she goes the green putting green oh yeah it's not cool yeah yeah the guys at work they're like do have to water that thing right do you get uh good hole-in-ones not much of a golfer oh yeah no it's fucking terrible like anytime i walk on it barefoot like my feet itch like there's something in that carpet we gotta get rid of it's an older uh older carpet type style you know that's more for outdoors right right um my friend he actually does uh turf and all that stuff and I actually met with a long time friend of mine's mom yesterday with him and I was like holy crap this stuff has come a long way it actually feels like grass nice and I was like and he goes yes you know it goes anywhere from 18 to 22 dollars a square foot that with the installation and the 15 guarantee and I like you gotta throw me on it I not buying this crap my buddy mom is nice I was like this is amazing from what it used to be Yeah, I was like I would love to throw this in my yard and never have to mow lawn again Yeah, yeah, I mean maintaining a lawn is just so much work to get weeds and stuff like it's you got a high quality Yeah, yeah, I like it like I don't know if you know I live right around the corner over by the fire department off 120 oh yeah yeah and I swear to God during the winter and the in the spring the lawn looks beautiful huh and then we still water it we still do whatever we can in the morning at night but it still dies during the summer yeah the the the lawns never used to die during the summer you know it's something that started happening in the past five or ten years yeah and you know it's funny as I talked about this and I lived in Phoenix for ten years or brought me back as I married my wife and blah blah blah she's like I am because she came down to visit me during the summer she goes there's excuse my language there's no effing hell way that i'm living in this place so you're moving back to washington i was like but uh down there it gets so hot they it literally burns the grass so people have professional spray painters that come in and spray their lawn green during the whole summer unbelievable that's that's insane yeah i know i said it looks good so okay uh yeah so yeah i mean i'll i'll get that decision about the the door trim or whatever uh from ali to you and then i thought that we had already reached an agreement with the green with the green carpet room um so i'll have ali reach you with that decision as well yeah i don't i didn't know i haven't heard anything back but yeah i mean it's just right over there yeah i remember that room we were talking about your guys's fireplace too that day and she's like how much will this be and i'm like that's i i had literally i mean everyone who comes in this house tells us to get rid of this fireplace but that's a little too ambitious what's weird is during the 70s and the early 80s these are like big focal points you know like people with the bigger fireplace it's awesome but man it is a nightmare so i've been thinking about this a lot yeah you know and uh to do this we would literally i have to get up in the attic which you know I can while we're here is look and look at this structure up there I think the attic entrance is right here right yeah and look at the trusses and see how the build would go because I would literally from the top down have to be tearing this apart I couldn't just come in here and start tearing this down because everything here would just collapse and then we're causing more damage more problems in your home huh so if we were to get rid of this we'd start from top going down all the way below that's us redoing joyce trusses that's us redoing subfloor filling that in you know so it's it's a big project and not counting that the weight of this i did a small let's see it was probably in total five ten ten four feet high and cinder blocks and there was about two tons worth of brick just in that small i'll tell you right now it's probably a third of this size huh and it was two tons of brick and mortar i went to the top and they were like how in the hell did you get this on your truck i'm like i don't know but it ain't running great and after that my truck started acting funny so i have it in the shop right now oh man yeah well um yeah i mean that's more of a wish list thing but uh you You're welcome to go up in the attic and give us a more detailed quote. Yeah, and then take some pictures and we can figure that all out. But yeah, this is something that can be done in a day. Right. While we're working on the bathroom, Josh and I, they're actually all finishing another job. I was like, I need to get over there and get this going. They were like, yeah, yeah. But Amy was like well we have a problem The freaking tub in the surround isn available It not going to be ready until the know the third of july is the latest and i like are you kidding me she like no i was like well why the hell did we wait so long oh your other your other job isn't going well no it's going fine this for the tub and the surround here yeah amy was ordering it yesterday to get everything here to try to have it here on tuesday well because the money took a little bit to clear through the bank and you know us going back and forth with the questions and you know the concerns with Ali and her when they were discussing it has now pushed us out to where the delivery on the tub wouldn't be until the 28th or the 3rd of July for my tub so my bathroom's not gonna have a tub until the 28th of July no no no 28th of June or the 3rd of July and Ali's like don't worry about it we have another bathroom huh well see these are things that we're both figuring out i thought i don't know man um and amy was like well should we hold off on doing this she goes no we're in a hotel right now we want the demo to happen huh so i'm figuring this all out this morning too like i got a text and i'm like are you freaking kidding me yeah i mean we are staying in the hotel now um you know that's is is there any way like we couldn't source the bathtub i thought we could just go to home depot and get our own bathtub to install i thought ali was doing something like that so this is the thing the kit that she wanted and she had put on to us yeah for the thing is one full kit and it's the boots maui whatever it's called where's yeah um that one was in stock a few weeks back but now it's out of stock so they have to order it special order and have it shipped in um yeah i mean maybe we could switch to a different bathtub that is in stock so that we don't have to be without a bathtub for two weeks that's what i was wondering yeah and that's something I would like for you guys to look at and so when you go on the Home Depot site yeah no so like I have yours here so it's saying there's this one yeah this is the one that she was looking at yeah so but I don't know this one's different it's saying 879 69 so what I do when I go in to do a search so let's go home depot okay so we go bathtubs tub and shower so there's a button here that you can hit in stock in store today right no so we'll do right hand and why does it not let me do it four piece we'll say a four piece setup usually it says in stock at store today and click that and it'll pop up and then it'll tell you okay see unavailable at beltview 118 available to ship to store and that's the 30 by 60 that's another style so 118 are available to ship to the store it's not there today 14 available to ship 38 so they're all shipping there's nothing that's physically in stock so if i go here and say okay let's change our area let's go to renton yeah so you're just saying that you know the bathtub we wanted is unavailable and our choice is that either we wait two weeks without a bathtub or we try to just get a different bathtub and that kind of yeah and that kind of the problem is i can go and search right now say i set this down we don start the demo yet right we start it tomorrow i go personally to home depot yeah and i look and i take pictures send to you say look this is what we have in stock right now yeah this is what we can work with yeah i mean i'm i'm not that picky about the bathtub i'm like i feel it'll be a problem to get another one yeah i know that you're a pretty tall guy you know and you know having a 16 inch shower yeah it's low and then you're sitting there and then you're pointing the shower head up higher yeah you know and then you have to stand back when the 74 and a half inch one that you have or 78 high would be high enough to where you have just tilt yeah you know what i mean you could be up close washing and step away when you're soaping up rather than you know trying to fight the water as you're washing yourself off so decision is now do i pause today run my butt to home depot or lowes look around for a shower send you pictures back and forth and you say that's what i want go for it no no i mean worst case scenario i would rather be without you know because we're all we're all set up for demo right i mean we're out of the house and everything so I'd rather be without the bathtub, be without a bathtub for a couple weeks. Yeah, then pause the demo. Okay. So with that being said, what's going to happen is it's going to roll over, waiting for the tub. I'm not going to be installing the vanity because I need that space to put the shower and the surround in. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty sure Allie would be able to find a shower or bathtub that's in stock and, like, purchase it for you so you don't have to halt the demo and, you know, you could just send a guy out to get it. Yeah, no, that's perfectly fine. Amy's going to be searching as well. As long as we're okay to, like, you say, okay, get whatever you can that's in stock. Yeah. That matches as closely as possible. Yeah, yeah, that's exactly right. All right, I'm going to call Amy and tell her, search right now. Yeah. Find something that matches and resembles that's in stock today. Okay, okay, good, good. That's what we'll do because I want to get the demo going. Right. So you guys can come back home. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Right. So let's do that. Okay. I'm going to call Amy right now while I grab the other zipper. Tell her to look for another one that resembles it. Get it ordered. Let's get it here. Okay, great. Make sure that it's in stock. Great. Okay. Thank you. Everything else is okay. The vanity, everything else that is on the list is all in stock. So that is all going to be ready. I'll be picking that all up tomorrow. Where can we stage the things right now? Can we stage them in here? Yeah, yeah. That's perfectly fine. Is that good? Yeah, no problem. And if you could let me know by tonight about whether or not if you guys want to proceed with this one or if you want to go with the carpet. Yeah. So you said $1,300 was the lowest you could go, including materials? Including the materials, the haul off, the demo, the cleanup. Yeah. And what I'd like to do is also include with you, instead of this old, I don't like the old base that they do, the two inch. I'd like to do a more modern for you guys and get a flat stock four inch that goes in with the new flooring. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I'll run that by Allie. I think that's about what we were going to pay to recarpet it anyway. Yeah, she said something about $1,100. And I'm like, nice hardwood, waterproof, that's going to last longer. Is it real hardwood or like artificial hardwood? It's a LVP, a laminate vinyl plank, which has longer durability. It's scratch resistant, you know, things like that. It's got some real wood in there, though. Yes. It's just like plastic coated. Yeah. Okay. It's going to be the same stuff that we put inside the bathroom. Cool. Yeah, I'll run this by Allie. I'm pretty sure that you can't go any lower. You can't go to $1,100, which is what we're going to pay for the carpet. With the taxes and everything that we have to pay for, that's what we're looking at. Because basically, we're zeroing in on $1,100, but after taxes, it's going to come out to $1,300-something. Okay, yeah, I'll run it by Allie. Okay. Cool. Yeah, thanks a lot, man. Okay, here's my dream. Uh... I meet Jada Soar and that other girl she's with. For some reason we're at like... a drugstore? And then I talk with them. And uh... they're like, oh... Very shortly into our interaction they invite some other guys to be there. You know, those same guys that do the interview with, those tough guys. That, like, former prisoner Asian guy. And then, like, they just ignore me. And she's obviously a YouTuber who I have a crush on. And they make some comment about how I'm too quiet, and that's that. And, you know, my feelings are hurt, so I run away. and then I think we're like all sleeping in a room together like the two guys the two girls and me all sleeping in a room together and then I wake up and then I kick them out of my room at like 2 or 3am for some reason and I don't remember why I do that but uh and then when the dream ends I in the Coachella Valley and I like well I guess that's what Los Angeles people are like, Allie always warned me about the Los Angeles people, and then, uh, I'm at Allie's house, and her parents have a pool, and it's like, I say, wow, this pool, it needs some um sand can you put sand in there and their artificial pool can put sand in and there's even like an indentation in the pool where it's like meant to create an artificial beach and then uh and then i'm driving and a black guy gets into my car and i'm like wow man i'm pretty messed up um I don't know if I want to drive you he's like no it's okay let me I'll help you out let me know what you need me to do and I'm like well put the key in the ignition it's the Honda key and uh he he does it and then I'm driving and then I accidentally put the car in reverse and then I drive in reverse for a long way and then I come up to an accident and then someone's walking in traffic and then I hit the person in traffic, like, you know, like hit them with a lot of speed. And I'm like, well, guess I'm going to jail now. Uh, shouldn't have let, shouldn't have let that guy in my car. So let's see, I just met with my brother and together we deposited the two $50,000 checks from my stepmother, which may or may not clear. When I first met Robert, he seemed nervous, like extremely nervous. uh he attempted to like be cloying like he was like cloyingly trying to like chat with the banker woman he was apologizing a bunch and then uh he um yeah to me he made he made a bad impression uh he like he like pretended like like bragged about watching npr to her he's like that's where to get all my information some people in the urban community are actually taking advantage of some checking some checking thing and uh well there's like some some thing that they're doing uh where it's like basic check fraud but some tiktoker called it like an infinite money glitch or something and uh you know i've never tried taking the freeway home at rush hour i wonder if it's faster or not, I honestly don't know, I've always taken the Mercer's slew, well, today will be no different, and so we got the checks deposited, which really, like, she called the back office, and then, like, I don't know, FXIX, that's what he said he invests in, FXIX, and I was like, yeah, you know, the Fidelity index funds are actually more highly rated and uh and i spoke with him and then he's like you're only gonna be able to go to palm springs for like one more year what do you think it's gonna go to your daughter to rip her out of her friend group and then force her to go to go somewhere else for what for what and uh says i uh i worked with this girl i talked with this girl she said she He was with the CIA. And she could fit in with anybody. But... And then he talked a bunch about sports. Because he went to a Kraken game recently. And he said Riley's crazy, man. He refused to believe that the zoo in Palm Springs is better than the Woodland Park Zoo. He's like, I don't believe that at all. The only reason that you couldn't see the animals. And then he tried to like compare the resort that he went to with the resort that we were going to go to And I like Robert I don want to get into a game of one with you And then I talked about various things I had done in Mexico and enjoyed And he wasn't really interested. He's like, you can do that anywhere in Mexico, Mark. The resort experience is what it's all about. And I'm like, Robert, you know, I had the same experience for a fraction of the money. You know, if you want to just get drunk. I mean, I went, I really enjoyed going snorkeling and doing my private lagoon tour. And he's like, whatever, you just don't understand the resort experience. And like, he just, he, like, for him, like the establishing the primacy of his resort was like the most important thing to him. And then, uh, what else did he do? and then he wanted to play the same like dick measuring game with regard to something else i forget what it was it was like uh um oh yeah with regard to work and uh he said that he got offered a million dollars a year and then he talked he talked about his work and he said he works for a lesbian senior vice president at Microsoft whose entire career has just been going to conferences and talking about being a lesbian. And he said they did a conference, the CTO Palooza, where they invited a bunch of CTOs to Redmond for the CTO Palooza. And then he said he's going on paternity leave now. and uh he said that the reason i'm getting rejected from my interviews is probably behavioral and you know my technical skills are not the problem so he also said that like whatever i got rejected for at test double it was just a lie it was not it was not the case so um he he said that they can never if you want to get the truth you have to go through a meeting so um it doesn't really matter well no it doesn't matter but uh you know that hurt to hear and i'm Like, man, I've gotten to three. He's like, wow, Mark. And then he really felt like he had one-upped me because he knew more about the data lake house than I did. It's like, bro, obviously you have the opportunity to ask most much of high-level tech data. Like, and then he's like, Allie, Allie must be, she must have a deeper underlying issue causing her kidney stones And uh I mean it just hurts right Because, like, no one wants to hear that there's something wrong with him behaviorally. He said he would give me mock interviews if I wanted. But what he did suggest, and what was a really good idea, was, uh... That I should lie. and um he said that I should lie and I should try to just do the double job thing and um you know I should just lie much more aggressively than I have been in order to get a second job I should try to get like an entry-level software engineer job for my second job so that I'll be able to do it in my sleep rather than a senior level second job because the senior level second job is more complicated so and then you know he just he just gave me a license to lie because it's like shit if I never even say the name record 360 what the fuck are they gonna do like like you know maybe they'll refuse to consider the resume without a LinkedIn in, but, uh, you know, whatever, man, I mean, if I can get a second job that I work at simultaneously, I'm good to go, he's like, Mark, they're just not gonna be able to prove it, so, and I mean, If it really is my goal to stack paper, like that's what I'm going to have to do. And, uh, got to make sure that I adjust expectations downward. But yeah, I mean, lying, lying is, uh, I guess practicing lying is probably good it's probably a better use of my time to make more money as opposed to just dicking around with bullshit which is what I've been doing with my YouTube channel so yeah data poor he told me to look into servicenow.ai they offer me a million dollars right now his nastiness about Palm Springs the thing is he doesn't really understand basic human emotion of feeling pleasure doing an activity it is all one upsmanship with him So It like you could do ATV rental wherever you want mark you just have to ask the concierge but yeah i mean it it better for me to like share this information with my diary rather than telling ali about this because uh you know ali gets really pissed about him and you know i just no he just he just doesn't care well he's just a nasty guy like I didn't come all the way across the world to fucking fucking listen to him lecture me about sports and how I need to be more interested in sports sigh well you know I guess it's nice to get a different perspective on life he was pretty good at some things but And, yeah, you know, I've just had to eat shit for five fucking years at my company. And, I mean, I guess I haven't been eating shit. But, like, you know, I'm definitely never going to get rich. And I definitely do have to do something with my career to try to mix things up. So. I mean money is really important if I had money I could afford to fucking get a maid or whatever yeah fucking waste of time now cause he won't shut up he's like you're not gonna drink like no I'm not gonna fucking drink now I need got stuff to do I'm so tired of sprint planning. Sprint planning is the most boring fucking thing. And, oh, also my deadline to get all my work done was today. So I guess maybe if I work late into the night, I'll be able to get it done. If Allie doesn't fucking give me some bullshit to do, which, you know, you never know. Will she give me the bullshit to do or not? but you know like i always walk away from my brother like feeling worse about life you know like just condescended patronized he's just so anything that brings me joy he shits on it because like he just doesn't want to see me happy you know he's like you're gonna fuck your kid up if you keep taking her to Palm Springs. Riley's already in preschool. Oh, well, you know. Good mental discipline is to, you know, like a duck, you just flap your wings, and then you don't allow anything to affect you beyond that. You know, it is a fucking pain in the ass to be able to get the voice memo off of your phone. But, uh, anyway, um, so I've just spoken with Matt Atkins, and he told me basically that if I want to pass the interview at senior level, I need to be very good at leet code, and I need to be very good at systems design, system architecture type questions. And then also design pattern. so he gave me examples of like what if I wanted to build a Twitter or I wanted to build something I need to know something about Redis and I need to know a lot about database load scaling and that kind of stuff so he basically told me I need to grind when he code hard something like that he said mark. It doesn't really matter. It doesn't really matter the kind. The programming language. No one really cares about that. They figure if you're smart enough, you will just pick up C Sharp. They are looking at the underlying data structures and algorithms. Data structures and algorithms. So, uh, the most important thing are the data structures and the algorithms. And, um, underlying data structures. He's like, I've never done sort. It's just, we know that there's memorization. and also be careful they don't think you're cheating and uh you know if if you do seem personable you are more likely to get hired but he really was trying very hard to help me and uh he told me that you know with his with his intervention that i have a good opportunity of being able to get a job on a different team so uh uh yeah um Let's see, wonderful, wonderful. So yeah, it seems like, you know, I have a steinigen Weg vor mir. But other than that, I should be good to go. So, you know, the students, they seemed to like my presentation pretty well. They're like, oh man, it's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. But I think it was really important for me to model building that application with them. It was, yeah, me modeling building that application I think was a very important lesson to teach them. They saw my debugging process. They saw me use ChatGDT. They saw me search through the rest of the code base. They saw me define the methods. And then, you know, I also posted the code. And Edgar was like listen man I trying to be a better student man I trying to be a better student To be honest all this stuff is going over my head It going way over my head But you know I trying my best Honestly, Edgar, he was recording our lessons It's just because he wants to make sure that our lessons don't fall on deaf ears. But he is a good guy. He's hardworking. Yeah. Yeah, so I guess my study path is clear. I guess I have to decide what it is I'm going to do with my life. So, they may have dismissed my co- Fuck them. Why are they even giving take-home assignments in the age of ChatGPT, right? Like, so I did use... Maybe I was automatically disqualified for writing my test stuff due to ChatGPT. Or, you know, maybe just start fielding lots of candidates. and, yeah, I don't know if my take-home assignments, I thought they were pretty good, but, you know, whatever, bro, or, uh, fucking, they, uh, it's just like Tinder, you know, it's just like Tinder trying to get a job, it's just like spamming chicks on Tinder trying to get a, uh, a baby mama, so, um, this was really good, it was really good, it went really well, and, uh, you know, I think I am bringing a lot of joy to people, so, uh, you know, there's the role of the instructor, right? But, you know, I wonder if Edgar is actually native. Probably not. But, uh, she's like the black tower, you know? Like, I'm really creating something about it. I think that his lesson today was kind of a wash. But, He was the top guy. It was fun I mean it fun that I found this project I should try to uh Introduction to CRUD and REST Um... I mean, do I just skip CSS and I move over to Ruby? I guess. No, they just... They obviously don't understand the most basic of fucking data structures and algorithms. They just don't get it. Hmm. Well, you know, ultimately it was a really good experience for me. You know, now I can enjoy, try to skip dinner, I guess. Yeah, skipping dinner actually is a lot easier for me than skipping breakfast. why that should be, I don't know, but, uh, skipping dinner is, um, pretty effective, so, uh, eating a salad is hard, because you have to go shopping for salads all the time, because they don't last very long in your fucking fridge, but, uh, I mean, I'm not under the retention, the, you know, the juke. Juke. I like the almond milk. Almond milk is really good. I can drink a lot of that stuff. Like, it's popping over here at the church. Wow. It's popping off. A lot of homeboys at this church. Yeah, this is the kind of megachurch I want to join. They do a really nice job showing all the different kids and everything. So. Allie was like, oh no, it's church, I don't want to go to church. But I've learned many lessons about life. I mean, this, my mom said she's really proud of me for starting these clubs. And I'm really proud of myself too. I'm really excited. Hey! Seems like he really respects me. And what I told him was like, look, web development, right, like, there's hundreds of people applying for other web development jobs. There's thousands of Ruby on Rails engineers in the world. Like. Thank you for watching I be honest my idea of a good time is to use bizarre vocabulary Oh, I'm sorry to interrupt. Yeah, I did interrupt. But, uh, I want to show love for my homies. very wealthy man very powerful man very extravagant man I'd like you to come work for my business what's the other one she always permits me to do oh Mark don't do the belt alone it was me I'm gonna tell you something. We gonna get the barangas up in here. The barangas. That's fucking ridiculous. Why should evoke such hatred for my wife when I am the goofball that she chose to allow to a pregnant woman? No idea. Well, I mean, honestly, doing something like this puts me in a better mood than pretty much anything else that I do. Literally, my mood is phenomenal. Oh, yeah. Cold bangs leaking, hole looking frail. One wrong move and this whole rock could exhale. Amelia, Amelia, just a babe so smart. Need the water, need the air, before the vacuum fires. You know? I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. Cross training in Python. Big D style. Code Academy was pretty good, but I don't like how they moved all their lessons into the online portal. Jonathan. Baby Mateo. Jonathan. Baby Mateo. I've known this guy over a long time. They're fucking homies. They're freaking homies. Now I am on my way back from my meeting with the Microsoft guy, aka Matt Atkins. What did he say to me today? He talked about time series database. He said that time series database is the best data store for dealing with data that's related to a time series. And then he talked a bit about his career at Microsoft and how, I guess when he first started off, he was about to get a bad review and be fired. but then they lobbied for him and said you can't get a negative review on your first review at microsoft and then he talked about how principal software engineers don't really write code anymore and it's more fun to be a senior and then he said that like what he does is he actually just uh he'll create like the core or the seed of a new project and then pass it off to other people which is kind of how i used to work with the code monkey and um what else uh he talked about um he said that sql will really scale badly because the database locking mechanisms he said there's a transaction log within sql databases which makes it so that um the sql it behaves as though as though it's single threaded but really it's not because of the way database lock works and there can be either a table lock row lock etc and um he said that Document databases are much bigger to, uh, to, uh, document databases are much, much easier to scale for many workloads as opposed to SQL databases. And they talked about a guy where he used team TFS, that team server thing that was used at Microsoft. And they use the database on that for like some security guard login thing. and he met the guy who did it and he's like, look, we had no idea this would be around 10 years, that's why we did it. And he talked about how Azure has so many events that it does. And, Azure has so many events that, he said it was like 20 million per hour per minute 20 million events and uh then he talked a bit about how he drove up to San Francisco with his father and uh he talked about, um, return to office, he said only the sales team has returned to office at Microsoft, um, and then he said Krishna hasn't called him, which is bad, but, uh, Oh well, I mean, Christian's probably busy, he doesn't give a shit, so. Well, chillax, happy... Well, he did call Corfru, so... Anyway, we'll just chillax. And, uh, he said he wants to do a practice interview with me, so we can just do it at the library. Um, I guess we could just do it in front of Ben. and then I gave Ben two magic projects that I thought he would really enjoy and uh he did in fact really enjoy them so uh and I couldn't believe it but fucking Matt actually downloaded my shitty little react app granted and like i cannot believe he was able to run my react app uh like man yeah he said it was pretty good um yeah he's really a great guy i mean i just he's he's it's just a treasure trove of uh of a friendship i guess like and he talked at great length about is at Microsoft he did something called the car project called my mp3 car back in the 2007 he worked on putting a computer inside of a car to run mp3s and stuff and he said that there was a deal that they had with ford and um in that deal he uh he said that microsoft just did whatever ford wanted and that the open source project was a lot more fun and i asked him if he knew garish bablani garish bablani and in fact he did i said one of garish bablani's decisions as vp was he really wanted for the data center and azure to be under the same organization and he said that there was in those early days it was very difficult to scale Azure. They simply could not buy computers quickly enough and get them configured quickly enough. There was a six-month turnaround on that, and that was one of his achievements. And then, what else did he do? He said when he, no, that wasn't important. And then he talked a lot, yeah, so he was a big fan of DocumentDBs, and he was a big fan of the Time Series DBs, And then his drone racing, he talked about his drone racing at great detail about first person drone racing. It's called FPV drone racing. And then he talks a lot about the different models. And then he talked about how like, uh, the violation of privacy. And he's like, shit, I don't need, look at how fucking pixelated that is. I can get better shit on my fucking old, old age porn. and then we saw like some little teenage girls who were wearing fucking the little fox tails that was funny i didn't know that people still did that i mean they looked they were so fucking extra that was funny uh and uh yeah ben ben seemed like he was really psyched about these magic projects that i said he could do um i need to find that site and then i'll show him how to do it water yeah if he can run Ruby and install Ruby that's pretty good and it was cool actually because he told me about the app and then I think I was able to immediately make relevant to his I was able to make relevant to his magic project that he wants to do like the technical skill I was teaching And that was pretty cool. I really have to go to the bathroom. but I wouldn't want to go anywhere but at home, so, uh, yeah, I mean, just, it's just such a positive meetup with those guys, like, not the highlight of my week, but it just, it always leaves me feeling so positive about things, uh, I, I would, like, these guys, I would fucking be with them. Like, uh, I don't want to trivialize what he does, but, uh, so Yeah, I needed to put a database element in his application, so I was able to successfully do that. I don't know. Thanks for watching! So tonight I met with Matt and Ben. Uh... Matt... He has a tendency to hijack the conversation. Like... He's like... Like he loves talking about his security stuff. And um... He looked very unhappy when I mentioned I was learning Laravel. Probably made him think I was an inferior engineer. Uh, he has no idea. Like, he just assumes everyone is as privileged as he is. But, uh, I tried to get him to connect to his fucking Postgres field a bit, but I couldn't do it. I have no idea why it wouldn't connect. I'm not a fucking Postgres expert. Matt Flexy's like, oh, I know a Postgres team. But he was so enthusiastic just now. Like, I don't want to make it seem like it was an unpleasant evening. It was probably just my own insecurities getting me through. But, like, he was so enthusiastic talking about a time, the old days of deployments of, like, he said that in 2005 he worked at AT&T, which I guess Bell Labs is part of AT&T. and he said that they crashed the billing system of AT&T so badly that all AT&T sales were shut down for like two days. And a lot of people like lost their phones. And it because they were using I always I kept hearing Seagull or Seabull but Boll but it Siebel the Oracle Siebel CRM uh I guess if you were to say like a German and uh he um that guy I mean he he said that, like, it was just calamitous, like, it all completely shut down, he said that they had to bring their Xbox in, and they had to camp out over the weekend, and that there would be, like, a 200-page script of everything that they had to do. And he said that the vendors who had been hired to write this code, they were Deloitte vendors from Deloitte Latouche. And the Deloitte Latouche vendors cost, they were being paid $200, $300 per hour to work on this project. They were making so much money that they were able to just fly into Bellevue each weekend, work on the project, and leave. and they got a bonus if they finished on time so they delivered something that was shoddy and didn't work and um they were i guess doing their billing through the siebel crm and uh uh this was not wise and uh matt's team was responsible for like a uh they had an online billing portal that worked but people's phones and internets were getting shut down, and he said that, like, you know, they had to cover for each other, because, like, they were not allowed to leave the office until this was fixed and uh man I mean just the enthusiasm that he had for something that happened literally 20 years ago like he truly loves his work like he I mean all all else aside right like I really God, I mean, you know, I was thinking about, like, God, fucking 10, like, 10 years ago when I started working at National Testing Network, and there was that outage with the, uh, the testing of the stuff, like um because i forget that guy's name it was like ali or aladdin he had like some middle eastern name orestes he used an http get request to pass an sa response and the sa response was being passed in this http as query parameters because of shitty fucking cold fusion and like we were all we're like racking our heads to try to figure out what was happening that was the funniest fucking thing I ever saw, and, uh, yeah, you know, that's, I guess you never forget your first one, uh, so, um, hey, never forget your first one, and, uh, yeah, I mean, Ben, he's just like, here's my magic app, and, yeah, I mean, I, I, you know, I explained some stuff to him about web development, but, yeah, I mean, fucking these guys, like, they're having the time of their fucking life at my little club, and I'm, I'm really enjoying it, too, like, it was a little irritating, it hard difficult to get a word in with Matt but uh I mean yeah uh what else did he say he said the AI attackers He says the same things over and over again Like I know everything he has to say He says that the big conference are AI attackers. And, like, I asked him how the AI attackers would be created. And, like, he didn't seem that curious about that. Man, I mean, fucking, it's just such an interesting field. all the money flying around he said he said that he was a failing freshman community college student and uh he he um he said that they trained him up so well at AT&T as like a low GPA community college student he said he went to Bellevue High and uh he said that for him to get 33 grand, and then he was trained up to work at Microsoft just one year later. It sounds like AT&T took really good care of their employees, aside from the fact that they hired these Deloitte people who just completely fucked them over. Wow, I mean, yeah, I mean, it's absolutely worth going. I mean, I really, I really, and then what else did Matt say? He's like, he used some metaphors. And, yeah, I mean, they were really into, like, it's a good group of guys, you know. I'm lucky. I'm really lucky to have found a group like this. It's been such a good experience for me. Someone say what about it? My Childhood by Mark Donahue. My first memory was waking up in my mom's bedroom. I guess my parents' bedroom, but they weren't divorced yet. And he was... I remember saying to my mom, Who are you? Who am I? Where am I? And it was just crazy to ask your mother that, because it's like I should know that, but I think it was like the first day that I had self-consciousness or something. So somehow I already had the use of language. I remember playing with mattresses. I loved going behind the mattress, any kind of mattress, going behind it. And I remember claiming that one of the mattresses was my rocket ship and I was going to the moon. and that uh uh well man I think I think I do need a questionnaire about what are the best questions like some superlatives what happened to me I'll never forget the time that Hunter we met those Christian rockers and then Allie I've never told you this story when I was a teenager our friend they were really into metal music so this guy we knew named Hunter he was a Native American and he heard some guys playing a drum he's like let's go check out those guys playing the drum and see what's happening so we went up there and the guys who were playing the drum were a Christian metal band and they were like we know the drums aren't what guided you here we know it was the Holy Spirit and then he took out his Bible and he started talking for a long time and then they blocked the door on us and then they didn't want us to leave they were blocking the door so we had to listen to them preach about the Bible and then one guy threw up and they're like that's the demon leaving his body the demon is reacting to us reading the Bible and then I left yeah and then I left and they're like the guy with the glasses he's going to hell for sure or they said something like that about me. I'll never forget being a bull. Well, I don't know. I'm trying to. I realized that I don't need to get a special dictation app because I figured out I can just airdrop the dictated files to my computer and then work on them there. So it's a lot simpler than what I was doing before, which was fucking idiotic. So I was trying to like connect my phone to my computer and then upload them like an MP3, like we did 15 years ago. You know But yeah no so I just I realized I can just use the default voice memo app and then I can pursue my project of remembering my life So that you know when I ship out to Iraq you have something to remember me by Any day now. Drafted? Yeah, you know, with Charlie Kirk... I doubt that I had to fill one out I had to fill out a draft card when I was 18 I mean yeah you know after Charlie Kirk was assassinated I just feel like I've got to go do something to fight back so against the forces of riddle me this riddle me this though the left are very anti-gun they want more stricter gun control yeah how is it the ones that are anti-gun are the ones using guns when the only ones who own guns are the ones who are pro-gun. You think it was a right-winger who assassinated Charlie Kirk? What do you think the motivations of that person were or their ideology? I don't know. Look at the... How is it that the Minnesota senator was? Four people assassinated. He had a laundry list. What was he? I don't know. I don't remember. He was a Republican who had all these Democrats on his list. I don't follow the news. The last shooting that happened, what's his name? who you claimed was your favorite go-to trans. I don't know what it is with you guys and trans. Do you want a dick up your butt? True or false, Allie? He wasn't trans. True or false? They're all white male? They're transgender individuals. No, they're not. No, he wasn't. He was actually... Which shooting was this? The most recent one where you're like, yeah, he was a trans man. The one against Charlie Kirk? No, it was a recent one. But who was shot? And what state was it in? I sprayed a bubble. So there's no... The most recent one that happened. There was a transgender shooting in Tennessee. Oh yeah, where they killed all those Christians. Yeah, and then there was another transgender... He actually was creating false lives. He was actually on porch hand, spewing very large hate. And then he went on to say, I'm trans, I'm trans, I'm trans, I'm doing this for the trans community. Which is ironic because he was the one who was like anti but making it seem like it was trans In Tennessee that one Or the most recent one The most recent one Huh. All these kids keep getting shot at at school. There would have been one right here in Tacoma. They actually stopped it because they kept saying people recording it. There was a couple school shootings close to where I grew up. There was one at the next town up in Marysville. There was a school shooting there. He was a Native American boy whose girlfriend broke up with him. Aaron performed at like a memorial concert for them. And then there was a Muslim, a young Muslim. His name was like Artan or Arjan. and he also shot he went to a mall and he shot like four women in a mall for some reason. The ironic part of this, the only people who have weapons are really the pro-gun owners. So if they're like, this is civil war. Who's going to have all the guns? Who are the people who really want to do that? Well, Gallia, I don't believe in gun ownership. Unfortunately, it seems like a lot of Americans do. A lot of conservatives that want guns. Look, Allie, it's a man's right to defend his property. Okay, have it, but how come... I mean, there's Marines out there who support safety in the mental headspace. There are Marines out there who talk about it. Well, you know... I mean, I do have a secret gun that I keep in the house to protect you. There's no point in, like, talking to you about this, because you always... I don't know what this is. What do I do? What do I do? Oh, my God. What do you do? Just like boys. Oh, Callie, Charlie Kirk was like a father to me. I watched him on YouTube. You're stupid. You're stupid. All these things you always joke about, I don't know if you're serious or not, because those things affect what your daughter sees in the end. If you want her to be an idiotic, stupid girl who just goes to Christian schools, I will advise her. Marry somebody, and then say that's the only thing in your life. Allie, I will advise her to stay far away from politics. It never did me any good at all to be involved in politics whatsoever. However, it would have been far better if I did anything else with my time and mental energy. No what killed you was going on 4chan and reading all these little stupid idiotic theories I had a political awakening Your political awakening was because your dick wasn getting sucked off enough That was your political awakening Allie, I don't even, like... Like what? What have I... I've told you I don't believe in gun rights and I think it was a grisly assassination. Like, I don't know what else there is to say about it. you know unfortunately they always thought that charlie kirk was uh too close to a certain foreign country our greatest ally and so my top memory but no ellie look i regret ever having been involved in politics in any capacity it was a phenomenal waste of my time and energy. And my mental power. If I had just been a smart boy, I don't want to regret my life too much, but like, I will never counsel Amelia to be involved in politics. What do you consider politics, then? It's a broad definition. No, it's not. You either care about the people around you, or you care about your own My own game. Well, you know, Allie, I once had a dream. My dream was to bring the fruits of socialism to Washington State. Look at me now. Have I done that? I have not. It does take practice. I think copying your dad's whistling will take more practice, Sonia. How about we copy someone else? Hmm. She has it for free, but you have to submit all this information. I have an idea. Yeah, that infirmary. Is that your microphone? La la la. Sing sing sing. Woo! Copy, copy, doing the same. Copy, come on. What a fun game. Circle here. Doo doo doo doo. Doo doo doo. What is this? You're an idiot. We are the doodoo. We are the doodoo.