 So let's see, I just met with my brother and together we deposited the two $50,000 checks from my stepmother, which may or may not clear. When I first met Robert, he seemed nervous, like extremely nervous. uh he attempted to like be cloying like he was like cloyingly trying to like chat with the banker woman he was apologizing a bunch and then uh he um yeah to me he made he made a bad impression uh he like he like pretended like like bragged about watching npr to her he's like that's where to get all my information some people in the urban community are actually taking advantage of some checking some checking thing and uh well there's like some some thing that they're doing uh where it's like basic check fraud but some tiktoker called it like an infinite money glitch or something and uh you know i've never tried taking the freeway home at rush hour i wonder if it's faster or not, I honestly don't know, I've always taken the Mercer's slew, well, today will be no different, and so we got the checks deposited, which really, like, she called the back office, and then, like, I don't know, FXIX, that's what he said he invests in, FXIX, and I was like, yeah, you know, the Fidelity index funds are actually more highly rated and uh and i spoke with him and then he's like you're only gonna be able to go to palm springs for like one more year what do you think it's gonna go to your daughter to rip her out of her friend group and then force her to go to go somewhere else for what for what and uh says i uh i worked with this girl i talked with this girl she said she He was with the CIA. And she could fit in with anybody. But... And then he talked a bunch about sports. Because he went to a Kraken game recently. And he said Riley's crazy, man. He refused to believe that the zoo in Palm Springs is better than the Woodland Park Zoo. He's like, I don't believe that at all. The only reason that you couldn't see the animals. And then he tried to like compare the resort that he went to with the resort that we were going to go to And I like Robert I don want to get into a game of one with you And then I talked about various things I had done in Mexico and enjoyed And he wasn't really interested. He's like, you can do that anywhere in Mexico, Mark. The resort experience is what it's all about. And I'm like, Robert, you know, I had the same experience for a fraction of the money. You know, if you want to just get drunk. I mean, I went, I really enjoyed going snorkeling and doing my private lagoon tour. And he's like, whatever, you just don't understand the resort experience. And like, he just, he, like, for him, like the establishing the primacy of his resort was like the most important thing to him. And then, uh, what else did he do? and then he wanted to play the same like dick measuring game with regard to something else i forget what it was it was like uh um oh yeah with regard to work and uh he said that he got offered a million dollars a year and then he talked he talked about his work and he said he works for a lesbian senior vice president at Microsoft whose entire career has just been going to conferences and talking about being a lesbian. And he said they did a conference, the CTO Palooza, where they invited a bunch of CTOs to Redmond for the CTO Palooza. And then he said he's going on paternity leave now. and uh he said that the reason i'm getting rejected from my interviews is probably behavioral and you know my technical skills are not the problem so he also said that like whatever i got rejected for at test double it was just a lie it was not it was not the case so um he he said that they can never if you want to get the truth you have to go through a meeting so um it doesn't really matter well no it doesn't matter but uh you know that hurt to hear and i'm Like, man, I've gotten to three. He's like, wow, Mark. And then he really felt like he had one-upped me because he knew more about the data lake house than I did. It's like, bro, obviously you have the opportunity to ask most much of high-level tech data. Like, and then he's like, Allie, Allie must be, she must have a deeper underlying issue causing her kidney stones And uh I mean it just hurts right Because, like, no one wants to hear that there's something wrong with him behaviorally. He said he would give me mock interviews if I wanted. But what he did suggest, and what was a really good idea, was, uh... That I should lie. and um he said that I should lie and I should try to just do the double job thing and um you know I should just lie much more aggressively than I have been in order to get a second job I should try to get like an entry-level software engineer job for my second job so that I'll be able to do it in my sleep rather than a senior level second job because the senior level second job is more complicated so and then you know he just he just gave me a license to lie because it's like shit if I never even say the name record 360 what the fuck are they gonna do like like you know maybe they'll refuse to consider the resume without a LinkedIn in, but, uh, you know, whatever, man, I mean, if I can get a second job that I work at simultaneously, I'm good to go, he's like, Mark, they're just not gonna be able to prove it, so, and I mean, If it really is my goal to stack paper, like that's what I'm going to have to do. And, uh, got to make sure that I adjust expectations downward. But yeah, I mean, lying, lying is, uh, I guess practicing lying is probably good it's probably a better use of my time to make more money as opposed to just dicking around with bullshit which is what I've been doing with my YouTube channel so yeah data poor he told me to look into servicenow.ai they offer me a million dollars right now his nastiness about Palm Springs the thing is he doesn't really understand basic human emotion of feeling pleasure doing an activity it is all one upsmanship with him So It like you could do ATV rental wherever you want mark you just have to ask the concierge but yeah i mean it it better for me to like share this information with my diary rather than telling ali about this because uh you know ali gets really pissed about him and you know i just no he just he just doesn't care well he's just a nasty guy like I didn't come all the way across the world to fucking fucking listen to him lecture me about sports and how I need to be more interested in sports sigh well you know I guess it's nice to get a different perspective on life he was pretty good at some things but And, yeah, you know, I've just had to eat shit for five fucking years at my company. And, I mean, I guess I haven't been eating shit. But, like, you know, I'm definitely never going to get rich. And I definitely do have to do something with my career to try to mix things up. So. I mean money is really important if I had money I could afford to fucking get a maid or whatever yeah fucking waste of time now cause he won't shut up he's like you're not gonna drink like no I'm not gonna fucking drink now I need got stuff to do I'm so tired of sprint planning. Sprint planning is the most boring fucking thing. And, oh, also my deadline to get all my work done was today. So I guess maybe if I work late into the night, I'll be able to get it done. If Allie doesn't fucking give me some bullshit to do, which, you know, you never know. Will she give me the bullshit to do or not? but you know like i always walk away from my brother like feeling worse about life you know like just condescended patronized he's just so anything that brings me joy he shits on it because like he just doesn't want to see me happy you know he's like you're gonna fuck your kid up if you keep taking her to Palm Springs. Riley's already in preschool. Oh, well, you know. Good mental discipline is to, you know, like a duck, you just flap your wings, and then you don't allow anything to affect you beyond that.