 So tonight I met with Matt and Ben. Uh... Matt... He has a tendency to hijack the conversation. Like... He's like... Like he loves talking about his security stuff. And um... He looked very unhappy when I mentioned I was learning Laravel. Probably made him think I was an inferior engineer. Uh, he has no idea. Like, he just assumes everyone is as privileged as he is. But, uh, I tried to get him to connect to his fucking Postgres field a bit, but I couldn't do it. I have no idea why it wouldn't connect. I'm not a fucking Postgres expert. Matt Flexy's like, oh, I know a Postgres team. But he was so enthusiastic just now. Like, I don't want to make it seem like it was an unpleasant evening. It was probably just my own insecurities getting me through. But, like, he was so enthusiastic talking about a time, the old days of deployments of, like, he said that in 2005 he worked at AT&T, which I guess Bell Labs is part of AT&T. and he said that they crashed the billing system of AT&T so badly that all AT&T sales were shut down for like two days. And a lot of people like lost their phones. And it because they were using I always I kept hearing Seagull or Seabull but Boll but it Siebel the Oracle Siebel CRM uh I guess if you were to say like a German and uh he um that guy I mean he he said that, like, it was just calamitous, like, it all completely shut down, he said that they had to bring their Xbox in, and they had to camp out over the weekend, and that there would be, like, a 200-page script of everything that they had to do. And he said that the vendors who had been hired to write this code, they were Deloitte vendors from Deloitte Latouche. And the Deloitte Latouche vendors cost, they were being paid $200, $300 per hour to work on this project. They were making so much money that they were able to just fly into Bellevue each weekend, work on the project, and leave. and they got a bonus if they finished on time so they delivered something that was shoddy and didn't work and um they were i guess doing their billing through the siebel crm and uh uh this was not wise and uh matt's team was responsible for like a uh they had an online billing portal that worked but people's phones and internets were getting shut down, and he said that, like, you know, they had to cover for each other, because, like, they were not allowed to leave the office until this was fixed and uh man I mean just the enthusiasm that he had for something that happened literally 20 years ago like he truly loves his work like he I mean all all else aside right like I really God, I mean, you know, I was thinking about, like, God, fucking 10, like, 10 years ago when I started working at National Testing Network, and there was that outage with the, uh, the testing of the stuff, like um because i forget that guy's name it was like ali or aladdin he had like some middle eastern name orestes he used an http get request to pass an sa response and the sa response was being passed in this http as query parameters because of shitty fucking cold fusion and like we were all we're like racking our heads to try to figure out what was happening that was the funniest fucking thing I ever saw, and, uh, yeah, you know, that's, I guess you never forget your first one, uh, so, um, hey, never forget your first one, and, uh, yeah, I mean, Ben, he's just like, here's my magic app, and, yeah, I mean, I, I, you know, I explained some stuff to him about web development, but, yeah, I mean, fucking these guys, like, they're having the time of their fucking life at my little club, and I'm, I'm really enjoying it, too, like, it was a little irritating, it hard difficult to get a word in with Matt but uh I mean yeah uh what else did he say he said the AI attackers He says the same things over and over again Like I know everything he has to say He says that the big conference are AI attackers. And, like, I asked him how the AI attackers would be created. And, like, he didn't seem that curious about that. Man, I mean, fucking, it's just such an interesting field. all the money flying around he said he said that he was a failing freshman community college student and uh he he um he said that they trained him up so well at AT&T as like a low GPA community college student he said he went to Bellevue High and uh he said that for him to get 33 grand, and then he was trained up to work at Microsoft just one year later. It sounds like AT&T took really good care of their employees, aside from the fact that they hired these Deloitte people who just completely fucked them over. Wow, I mean, yeah, I mean, it's absolutely worth going. I mean, I really, I really, and then what else did Matt say? He's like, he used some metaphors. And, yeah, I mean, they were really into, like, it's a good group of guys, you know. I'm lucky. I'm really lucky to have found a group like this. It's been such a good experience for me.