 You know, it is a fucking pain in the ass to be able to get the voice memo off of your phone. But, uh, anyway, um, so I've just spoken with Matt Atkins, and he told me basically that if I want to pass the interview at senior level, I need to be very good at leet code, and I need to be very good at systems design, system architecture type questions. And then also design pattern. so he gave me examples of like what if I wanted to build a Twitter or I wanted to build something I need to know something about Redis and I need to know a lot about database load scaling and that kind of stuff so he basically told me I need to grind when he code hard something like that he said mark. It doesn't really matter. It doesn't really matter the kind. The programming language. No one really cares about that. They figure if you're smart enough, you will just pick up C Sharp. They are looking at the underlying data structures and algorithms. Data structures and algorithms. So, uh, the most important thing are the data structures and the algorithms. And, um, underlying data structures. He's like, I've never done sort. It's just, we know that there's memorization. and also be careful they don't think you're cheating and uh you know if if you do seem personable you are more likely to get hired but he really was trying very hard to help me and uh he told me that you know with his with his intervention that i have a good opportunity of being able to get a job on a different team so uh uh yeah um Let's see, wonderful, wonderful. So yeah, it seems like, you know, I have a steinigen Weg vor mir. But other than that, I should be good to go. So, you know, the students, they seemed to like my presentation pretty well. They're like, oh man, it's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. But I think it was really important for me to model building that application with them. It was, yeah, me modeling building that application I think was a very important lesson to teach them. They saw my debugging process. They saw me use ChatGDT. They saw me search through the rest of the code base. They saw me define the methods. And then, you know, I also posted the code. And Edgar was like listen man I trying to be a better student man I trying to be a better student To be honest all this stuff is going over my head It going way over my head But you know I trying my best Honestly, Edgar, he was recording our lessons It's just because he wants to make sure that our lessons don't fall on deaf ears. But he is a good guy. He's hardworking. Yeah. Yeah, so I guess my study path is clear. I guess I have to decide what it is I'm going to do with my life. So, they may have dismissed my co- Fuck them. Why are they even giving take-home assignments in the age of ChatGPT, right? Like, so I did use... Maybe I was automatically disqualified for writing my test stuff due to ChatGPT. Or, you know, maybe just start fielding lots of candidates. and, yeah, I don't know if my take-home assignments, I thought they were pretty good, but, you know, whatever, bro, or, uh, fucking, they, uh, it's just like Tinder, you know, it's just like Tinder trying to get a job, it's just like spamming chicks on Tinder trying to get a, uh, a baby mama, so, um, this was really good, it was really good, it went really well, and, uh, you know, I think I am bringing a lot of joy to people, so, uh, you know, there's the role of the instructor, right? But, you know, I wonder if Edgar is actually native. Probably not. But, uh, she's like the black tower, you know? Like, I'm really creating something about it. I think that his lesson today was kind of a wash. But, He was the top guy. It was fun I mean it fun that I found this project I should try to uh Introduction to CRUD and REST Um... I mean, do I just skip CSS and I move over to Ruby? I guess. No, they just... They obviously don't understand the most basic of fucking data structures and algorithms. They just don't get it. Hmm. Well, you know, ultimately it was a really good experience for me. You know, now I can enjoy, try to skip dinner, I guess. Yeah, skipping dinner actually is a lot easier for me than skipping breakfast. why that should be, I don't know, but, uh, skipping dinner is, um, pretty effective, so, uh, eating a salad is hard, because you have to go shopping for salads all the time, because they don't last very long in your fucking fridge, but, uh, I mean, I'm not under the retention, the, you know, the juke. Juke. I like the almond milk. Almond milk is really good. I can drink a lot of that stuff. Like, it's popping over here at the church. Wow. It's popping off. A lot of homeboys at this church. Yeah, this is the kind of megachurch I want to join. They do a really nice job showing all the different kids and everything. So. Allie was like, oh no, it's church, I don't want to go to church. But I've learned many lessons about life. I mean, this, my mom said she's really proud of me for starting these clubs. And I'm really proud of myself too. I'm really excited. Hey! Seems like he really respects me. And what I told him was like, look, web development, right, like, there's hundreds of people applying for other web development jobs. There's thousands of Ruby on Rails engineers in the world. Like. Thank you for watching I be honest my idea of a good time is to use bizarre vocabulary Oh, I'm sorry to interrupt. Yeah, I did interrupt. But, uh, I want to show love for my homies. very wealthy man very powerful man very extravagant man I'd like you to come work for my business what's the other one she always permits me to do oh Mark don't do the belt alone it was me I'm gonna tell you something. We gonna get the barangas up in here. The barangas. That's fucking ridiculous. Why should evoke such hatred for my wife when I am the goofball that she chose to allow to a pregnant woman? No idea. Well, I mean, honestly, doing something like this puts me in a better mood than pretty much anything else that I do. Literally, my mood is phenomenal. Oh, yeah. Cold bangs leaking, hole looking frail. One wrong move and this whole rock could exhale. Amelia, Amelia, just a babe so smart. Need the water, need the air, before the vacuum fires. You know? I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. Cross training in Python. Big D style. Code Academy was pretty good, but I don't like how they moved all their lessons into the online portal. Jonathan. Baby Mateo. Jonathan. Baby Mateo. I've known this guy over a long time. They're fucking homies. They're freaking homies.