 Now I am on my way back from my meeting with the Microsoft guy, aka Matt Atkins. What did he say to me today? He talked about time series database. He said that time series database is the best data store for dealing with data that's related to a time series. And then he talked a bit about his career at Microsoft and how, I guess when he first started off, he was about to get a bad review and be fired. but then they lobbied for him and said you can't get a negative review on your first review at microsoft and then he talked about how principal software engineers don't really write code anymore and it's more fun to be a senior and then he said that like what he does is he actually just uh he'll create like the core or the seed of a new project and then pass it off to other people which is kind of how i used to work with the code monkey and um what else uh he talked about um he said that sql will really scale badly because the database locking mechanisms he said there's a transaction log within sql databases which makes it so that um the sql it behaves as though as though it's single threaded but really it's not because of the way database lock works and there can be either a table lock row lock etc and um he said that Document databases are much bigger to, uh, to, uh, document databases are much, much easier to scale for many workloads as opposed to SQL databases. And they talked about a guy where he used team TFS, that team server thing that was used at Microsoft. And they use the database on that for like some security guard login thing. and he met the guy who did it and he's like, look, we had no idea this would be around 10 years, that's why we did it. And he talked about how Azure has so many events that it does. And, Azure has so many events that, he said it was like 20 million per hour per minute 20 million events and uh then he talked a bit about how he drove up to San Francisco with his father and uh he talked about, um, return to office, he said only the sales team has returned to office at Microsoft, um, and then he said Krishna hasn't called him, which is bad, but, uh, Oh well, I mean, Christian's probably busy, he doesn't give a shit, so. Well, chillax, happy... Well, he did call Corfru, so... Anyway, we'll just chillax. And, uh, he said he wants to do a practice interview with me, so we can just do it at the library. Um, I guess we could just do it in front of Ben. and then I gave Ben two magic projects that I thought he would really enjoy and uh he did in fact really enjoy them so uh and I couldn't believe it but fucking Matt actually downloaded my shitty little react app granted and like i cannot believe he was able to run my react app uh like man yeah he said it was pretty good um yeah he's really a great guy i mean i just he's he's it's just a treasure trove of uh of a friendship i guess like and he talked at great length about is at Microsoft he did something called the car project called my mp3 car back in the 2007 he worked on putting a computer inside of a car to run mp3s and stuff and he said that there was a deal that they had with ford and um in that deal he uh he said that microsoft just did whatever ford wanted and that the open source project was a lot more fun and i asked him if he knew garish bablani garish bablani and in fact he did i said one of garish bablani's decisions as vp was he really wanted for the data center and azure to be under the same organization and he said that there was in those early days it was very difficult to scale Azure. They simply could not buy computers quickly enough and get them configured quickly enough. There was a six-month turnaround on that, and that was one of his achievements. And then, what else did he do? He said when he, no, that wasn't important. And then he talked a lot, yeah, so he was a big fan of DocumentDBs, and he was a big fan of the Time Series DBs, And then his drone racing, he talked about his drone racing at great detail about first person drone racing. It's called FPV drone racing. And then he talks a lot about the different models. And then he talked about how like, uh, the violation of privacy. And he's like, shit, I don't need, look at how fucking pixelated that is. I can get better shit on my fucking old, old age porn. and then we saw like some little teenage girls who were wearing fucking the little fox tails that was funny i didn't know that people still did that i mean they looked they were so fucking extra that was funny uh and uh yeah ben ben seemed like he was really psyched about these magic projects that i said he could do um i need to find that site and then i'll show him how to do it water yeah if he can run Ruby and install Ruby that's pretty good and it was cool actually because he told me about the app and then I think I was able to immediately make relevant to his I was able to make relevant to his magic project that he wants to do like the technical skill I was teaching And that was pretty cool. I really have to go to the bathroom. but I wouldn't want to go anywhere but at home, so, uh, yeah, I mean, just, it's just such a positive meetup with those guys, like, not the highlight of my week, but it just, it always leaves me feeling so positive about things, uh, I, I would, like, these guys, I would fucking be with them. Like, uh, I don't want to trivialize what he does, but, uh, so Yeah, I needed to put a database element in his application, so I was able to successfully do that. I don't know. Thanks for watching!