 Someone say what about it? My Childhood by Mark Donahue. My first memory was waking up in my mom's bedroom. I guess my parents' bedroom, but they weren't divorced yet. And he was... I remember saying to my mom, Who are you? Who am I? Where am I? And it was just crazy to ask your mother that, because it's like I should know that, but I think it was like the first day that I had self-consciousness or something. So somehow I already had the use of language. I remember playing with mattresses. I loved going behind the mattress, any kind of mattress, going behind it. And I remember claiming that one of the mattresses was my rocket ship and I was going to the moon. and that uh uh well man I think I think I do need a questionnaire about what are the best questions like some superlatives what happened to me I'll never forget the time that Hunter we met those Christian rockers and then Allie I've never told you this story when I was a teenager our friend they were really into metal music so this guy we knew named Hunter he was a Native American and he heard some guys playing a drum he's like let's go check out those guys playing the drum and see what's happening so we went up there and the guys who were playing the drum were a Christian metal band and they were like we know the drums aren't what guided you here we know it was the Holy Spirit and then he took out his Bible and he started talking for a long time and then they blocked the door on us and then they didn't want us to leave they were blocking the door so we had to listen to them preach about the Bible and then one guy threw up and they're like that's the demon leaving his body the demon is reacting to us reading the Bible and then I left yeah and then I left and they're like the guy with the glasses he's going to hell for sure or they said something like that about me. I'll never forget being a bull. Well, I don't know. I'm trying to. I realized that I don't need to get a special dictation app because I figured out I can just airdrop the dictated files to my computer and then work on them there. So it's a lot simpler than what I was doing before, which was fucking idiotic. So I was trying to like connect my phone to my computer and then upload them like an MP3, like we did 15 years ago. You know But yeah no so I just I realized I can just use the default voice memo app and then I can pursue my project of remembering my life So that you know when I ship out to Iraq you have something to remember me by Any day now. Drafted? Yeah, you know, with Charlie Kirk... I doubt that I had to fill one out I had to fill out a draft card when I was 18 I mean yeah you know after Charlie Kirk was assassinated I just feel like I've got to go do something to fight back so against the forces of riddle me this riddle me this though the left are very anti-gun they want more stricter gun control yeah how is it the ones that are anti-gun are the ones using guns when the only ones who own guns are the ones who are pro-gun. You think it was a right-winger who assassinated Charlie Kirk? What do you think the motivations of that person were or their ideology? I don't know. Look at the... How is it that the Minnesota senator was? Four people assassinated. He had a laundry list. What was he? I don't know. I don't remember. He was a Republican who had all these Democrats on his list. I don't follow the news. The last shooting that happened, what's his name? who you claimed was your favorite go-to trans. I don't know what it is with you guys and trans. Do you want a dick up your butt? True or false, Allie? He wasn't trans. True or false? They're all white male? They're transgender individuals. No, they're not. No, he wasn't. He was actually... Which shooting was this? The most recent one where you're like, yeah, he was a trans man. The one against Charlie Kirk? No, it was a recent one. But who was shot? And what state was it in? I sprayed a bubble. So there's no... The most recent one that happened. There was a transgender shooting in Tennessee. Oh yeah, where they killed all those Christians. Yeah, and then there was another transgender... He actually was creating false lives. He was actually on porch hand, spewing very large hate. And then he went on to say, I'm trans, I'm trans, I'm trans, I'm doing this for the trans community. Which is ironic because he was the one who was like anti but making it seem like it was trans In Tennessee that one Or the most recent one The most recent one Huh. All these kids keep getting shot at at school. There would have been one right here in Tacoma. They actually stopped it because they kept saying people recording it. There was a couple school shootings close to where I grew up. There was one at the next town up in Marysville. There was a school shooting there. He was a Native American boy whose girlfriend broke up with him. Aaron performed at like a memorial concert for them. And then there was a Muslim, a young Muslim. His name was like Artan or Arjan. and he also shot he went to a mall and he shot like four women in a mall for some reason. The ironic part of this, the only people who have weapons are really the pro-gun owners. So if they're like, this is civil war. Who's going to have all the guns? Who are the people who really want to do that? Well, Gallia, I don't believe in gun ownership. Unfortunately, it seems like a lot of Americans do. A lot of conservatives that want guns. Look, Allie, it's a man's right to defend his property. Okay, have it, but how come... I mean, there's Marines out there who support safety in the mental headspace. There are Marines out there who talk about it. Well, you know... I mean, I do have a secret gun that I keep in the house to protect you. There's no point in, like, talking to you about this, because you always... I don't know what this is. What do I do? What do I do? Oh, my God. What do you do? Just like boys. Oh, Callie, Charlie Kirk was like a father to me. I watched him on YouTube. You're stupid. You're stupid. All these things you always joke about, I don't know if you're serious or not, because those things affect what your daughter sees in the end. If you want her to be an idiotic, stupid girl who just goes to Christian schools, I will advise her. Marry somebody, and then say that's the only thing in your life. Allie, I will advise her to stay far away from politics. It never did me any good at all to be involved in politics whatsoever. However, it would have been far better if I did anything else with my time and mental energy. No what killed you was going on 4chan and reading all these little stupid idiotic theories I had a political awakening Your political awakening was because your dick wasn getting sucked off enough That was your political awakening Allie, I don't even, like... Like what? What have I... I've told you I don't believe in gun rights and I think it was a grisly assassination. Like, I don't know what else there is to say about it. you know unfortunately they always thought that charlie kirk was uh too close to a certain foreign country our greatest ally and so my top memory but no ellie look i regret ever having been involved in politics in any capacity it was a phenomenal waste of my time and energy. And my mental power. If I had just been a smart boy, I don't want to regret my life too much, but like, I will never counsel Amelia to be involved in politics. What do you consider politics, then? It's a broad definition. No, it's not. You either care about the people around you, or you care about your own My own game. Well, you know, Allie, I once had a dream. My dream was to bring the fruits of socialism to Washington State. Look at me now. Have I done that? I have not. It does take practice. I think copying your dad's whistling will take more practice, Sonia. How about we copy someone else? Hmm. She has it for free, but you have to submit all this information. I have an idea. Yeah, that infirmary. Is that your microphone? La la la. Sing sing sing. Woo! Copy, copy, doing the same. Copy, come on. What a fun game. Circle here. Doo doo doo doo. Doo doo doo. What is this? You're an idiot. We are the doodoo. We are the doodoo.