Kind: captions Language: en Oh, everyone. I am going to make today a Oh, everyone. I am going to make today a Oh, everyone. I am going to make today a tutorial about um Blender Gary nodes. Uh it's for the video about about Uh it's for the video about about Uh it's for the video about about geometry nodes. Um I'm going to record here a material Um I'm going to record here a material Um I'm going to record here a material which doesn't record. which doesn't record. which doesn't record. Um, I were talking uh about how to Um, I were talking uh about how to Um, I were talking uh about how to install an extension for Blender. So, we're going to the edit preferences So, we're going to the edit preferences So, we're going to the edit preferences and there's going to be extensions. Uh, and there's going to be extensions. Uh, and there's going to be extensions. Uh, you need to search simple audio with the you need to search simple audio with the you need to search simple audio with the laser or audio just I have it already laser or audio just I have it already laser or audio just I have it already installed. I will uninstall it and installed. I will uninstall it and installed. I will uninstall it and install it again. So, I have it. But if install it again. So, I have it. But if install it again. So, I have it. But if you don't have and or you can't, you can you don't have and or you can't, you can you don't have and or you can't, you can just go to system and uh check the allow just go to system and uh check the allow just go to system and uh check the allow online access. online access. online access. There's also another way to install There's also another way to install There's also another way to install that. You can go to the Blender that. You can go to the Blender that. You can go to the Blender extensions website and then you can press search and you and then you can press search and you and then you can press search and you need uh to type their audio need uh to type their audio need uh to type their audio and then you're going to need simple out and then you're going to need simple out and then you're going to need simple out laser laser laser then uh get addon and drag and drop into then uh get addon and drag and drop into then uh get addon and drag and drop into Blender. Uh I already had that. So it says I Uh I already had that. So it says I Uh I already had that. So it says I already inserted that. So don't worry already inserted that. So don't worry already inserted that. So don't worry about that. Now um delete all Now um delete all Now um delete all and then uh create any object. and then uh create any object. and then uh create any object. I will make an cube then add modifier I will make an cube then add modifier I will make an cube then add modifier geometry nodes and there you need to geometry nodes and there you need to geometry nodes and there you need to type or I'm just going to make name type or I'm just going to make name type or I'm just going to make name audio zalizer audio zalizer audio zalizer then go to geometry nodes delete group then go to geometry nodes delete group then go to geometry nodes delete group input input input and then create points node uh put and then create points node uh put and then create points node uh put points into a geometry points into a geometry points into a geometry then you have a point in the viewport then you have a point in the viewport then you have a point in the viewport you can move that with position you can move that with position you can move that with position also So you can change radius and the also So you can change radius and the also So you can change radius and the count of dead. count of dead. count of dead. In the left you're going to have the In the left you're going to have the In the left you're going to have the amount and information about points. Then Then Then you need like you need to make points you need like you need to make points you need like you need to make points that create every frame. Uh add that create every frame. Uh add that create every frame. Uh add simulation zone. Move that in the middle. So points in geometry and geometry in So points in geometry and geometry in So points in geometry and geometry in geometry. So everything this happens in geometry. So everything this happens in geometry. So everything this happens in the pink zone. It's uh going to repeat the pink zone. It's uh going to repeat the pink zone. It's uh going to repeat every frame. Also we need to create points every Also we need to create points every Also we need to create points every frame. For that frame. For that frame. For that you need to create a join geometry node. you need to create a join geometry node. you need to create a join geometry node. Put that in the middle also and put Put that in the middle also and put Put that in the middle also and put points in geometry. Now every frame points in geometry. Now every frame points in geometry. Now every frame you're going to create a new point you're going to create a new point you're going to create a new point automatically. Now we need to move that points. Now we need to move that points. Now we need to move that points. Create a transform geometry node and uh Create a transform geometry node and uh Create a transform geometry node and uh y uh put the 0.22. y uh put the 0.22. y uh put the 0.22. Now you're going to move that points on Now you're going to move that points on Now you're going to move that points on the Y axis. Now the rotation Z uh a half of one and Now the rotation Z uh a half of one and Now the rotation Z uh a half of one and the X rotation also half of one. You can also make the Yaxis You can also make the Yaxis You can also make the Yaxis is going to be also cool. Now we're going to make them look like Now we're going to make them look like Now we're going to make them look like an out of the laser. Now you need to create a new object Now you need to create a new object Now you need to create a new object empty plane axis empty plane axis empty plane axis and you can create any other object if and you can create any other object if and you can create any other object if you want. Now from error here you need you want. Now from error here you need you want. Now from error here you need to put it in geometry nodes to put it in geometry nodes to put it in geometry nodes then location in position. And now if I'm going to move the empty And now if I'm going to move the empty And now if I'm going to move the empty the points are going to create in the the points are going to create in the the points are going to create in the same place at the empty itself. same place at the empty itself. same place at the empty itself. Also you can plug scale in position and Also you can plug scale in position and Also you can plug scale in position and depending on the scale of your empty the depending on the scale of your empty the depending on the scale of your empty the points are going to be in at the numbers points are going to be in at the numbers points are going to be in at the numbers of the scale of uh empty. You can also put a rotation in position. You can also put a rotation in position. You can also put a rotation in position. And if you're going to rotate on And if you're going to rotate on And if you're going to rotate on different taxis, it's going to make the different taxis, it's going to make the different taxis, it's going to make the point on point on point on on the different position. on the different position. on the different position. It's also going to make some cool It's also going to make some cool It's also going to make some cool effects like that. But I still prefer effects like that. But I still prefer effects like that. But I still prefer location position result. location position result. location position result. Now we need to animate empty with our Now we need to animate empty with our Now we need to animate empty with our song or music or your voice song or music or your voice song or music or your voice on the Z-axis or uh something else if on the Z-axis or uh something else if on the Z-axis or uh something else if you prefer. Now open the graph editor you prefer. Now open the graph editor you prefer. Now open the graph editor and uh in the end panel you are going to and uh in the end panel you are going to and uh in the end panel you are going to have simple out of the laser the plugin have simple out of the laser the plugin have simple out of the laser the plugin uh which you installed in the beginning. Now here I want to remove scale and uh Now here I want to remove scale and uh Now here I want to remove scale and uh turn on location. turn on location. turn on location. So it's going to animate only Z So it's going to animate only Z So it's going to animate only Z location. And now you need to select your audio And now you need to select your audio And now you need to select your audio file. And now you need to press on visualize And now you need to press on visualize And now you need to press on visualize selected objects. selected objects. selected objects. Now, if you're going to play the Now, if you're going to play the Now, if you're going to play the animation, you're going to have animation, you're going to have animation, you're going to have something like uh this. something like uh this. something like uh this. Also, it's uh animated uh only before Also, it's uh animated uh only before Also, it's uh animated uh only before frame. Uh it's because the end of my frame. Uh it's because the end of my frame. Uh it's because the end of my animation is uh 250. animation is uh 250. animation is uh 250. Actually, I have a longer audio file, Actually, I have a longer audio file, Actually, I have a longer audio file, but if I'm going to set the end frame to but if I'm going to set the end frame to but if I'm going to set the end frame to 500 and I press again with all the 500 and I press again with all the 500 and I press again with all the select subjects, I going to have a select subjects, I going to have a select subjects, I going to have a longer animation. But if you don't know how much frames But if you don't know how much frames But if you don't know how much frames you're going to have, you can just set you're going to have, you can just set you're going to have, you can just set the end frame to 10,000. I have 900 frames. But I'll keep 250. Now I need to add the audio to make sure Now I need to add the audio to make sure Now I need to add the audio to make sure that the audio and the animation are that the audio and the animation are that the audio and the animation are synchronized. Press right click button and select Press right click button and select Press right click button and select horizontal split horizontal split horizontal split and then select the video sequencer. and then select the video sequencer. and then select the video sequencer. Now just drag and drop your audio file also. As you see, I have a longer audio also. As you see, I have a longer audio also. As you see, I have a longer audio file than 250 frames. Now, if you're going to play the Now, if you're going to play the Now, if you're going to play the animation, you're going to have the animation, you're going to have the animation, you're going to have the audio. Now, open that I'm showing here and Now, open that I'm showing here and Now, open that I'm showing here and select Z location. Then press alt s and select Z location. Then press alt s and select Z location. Then press alt s and select smooth gaus and set nearly 35%. Now you're going to have a little bit Now you're going to have a little bit Now you're going to have a little bit smoother animation. Now you can just disable play audio. Now we need to delete points after some Now we need to delete points after some Now we need to delete points after some time written. You know the call store name it written. You know the call store name it written. You know the call store name it attribute add the map node pl value in value the add the map node pl value in value the add the map node pl value in value the attribute age then add name it attribute node then then add name it attribute node then then add name it attribute node then plug attribute in value plug attribute in value plug attribute in value in name it attribute put page. Then add a compare node. Then set float to integer. Then set float to integer. Then set float to integer. Plug attribute in a Plug attribute in a Plug attribute in a add geometry node and then plug result in selection. and then plug result in selection. and then plug result in selection. Set B to 20. Set B to 20. Set B to 20. Now after some time the points are going Now after some time the points are going Now after some time the points are going to delete in add value to Fun. Now add the points checkers node. Now add set plane type node. Set poly to catal Rome. Now you're going Set poly to catal Rome. Now you're going Set poly to catal Rome. Now you're going to have a smoother curve. For even to have a smoother curve. For even to have a smoother curve. For even smoother results as catal to nerves if smoother results as catal to nerves if smoother results as catal to nerves if you want. Now add the crystal mesh node. Also if you want activate field caps Also if you want activate field caps Also if you want activate field caps box. box. box. Now add the curve circle node and plate cur in profile curve. and plate cur in profile curve. and plate cur in profile curve. At first set radius to 0.03 At first set radius to 0.03 At first set radius to 0.03 and resolution to 10 and set scale to 1.3. Now I set material node in material put Now I set material node in material put Now I set material node in material put material and the add bake node and the add bake node and the add bake node that animation from still and click bake that animation from still and click bake that animation from still and click bake button. Also, if you're going to make any changes if you're going to make any changes if you're going to make any changes after bake, it's not going to update. after bake, it's not going to update. after bake, it's not going to update. You need to rebake You can take a screenshot if you like. Now in render properties set render Now in render properties set render Now in render properties set render engine to cycles and send device CPU to engine to cycles and send device CPU to engine to cycles and send device CPU to GPU. Now add plane. Press S and type 50. Now press render it view and in world Now press render it view and in world Now press render it view and in world strength set to zero. Add our strength set to zero. Add our strength set to zero. Add our and put it where you want. You can press R two times and rotate You can press R two times and rotate You can press R two times and rotate liquid liquid liquid set power to something higher set power to something higher set power to something higher and lower the spread. and set color to something nearly blue. Now go to the shader editor. Now select Now go to the shader editor. Now select Now go to the shader editor. Now select your material. Set the roughness to zero, IUR to 1.2, Set the roughness to zero, IUR to 1.2, Set the roughness to zero, IUR to 1.2, transmission weight to one. Emission strength set to 1.5. Emission strength set to 1.5. Emission strength set to 1.5. Add layer weight node and put Freno in a Add layer weight node and put Freno in a Add layer weight node and put Freno in a color blend set 0.05. 05. You can also make a ghost effect by You can also make a ghost effect by You can also make a ghost effect by setting ger to one. Add a color node. The white color stop sets the color like The white color stop sets the color like The white color stop sets the color like this. this. this. Also, here's a hex code. Select black color stop and set position Select black color stop and set position Select black color stop and set position of it to 0.115. of it to 0.115. of it to 0.115. Set linear to be spline. For the grand lay, add the checker For the grand lay, add the checker For the grand lay, add the checker texture node. Plug factor in base color. texture node. Plug factor in base color. texture node. Plug factor in base color. Plug factor and roughness. Add the color Plug factor and roughness. Add the color Plug factor and roughness. Add the color ramp out. Put between factor and ramp out. Put between factor and ramp out. Put between factor and roughness. Make a black color stop brighter. Select lane and press Ctrl A and select Select lane and press Ctrl A and select Select lane and press Ctrl A and select scale. scale. scale. Now we need an addon called not Now we need an addon called not Now we need an addon called not wrangler. Go to the edit preferences. wrangler. Go to the edit preferences. wrangler. Go to the edit preferences. Go to addons and search not wrangler. Go to addons and search not wrangler. Go to addons and search not wrangler. Enable it. Now select checker texture node and Now select checker texture node and Now select checker texture node and press Ctrl T press Ctrl T press Ctrl T and plug object and vector. Let's scale to one. White color stop you can make slightly White color stop you can make slightly White color stop you can make slightly darker. gray color stop. You can make also a gray color stop. You can make also a gray color stop. You can make also a little darker also. Maybe I'm going to make it a also. Maybe I'm going to make it a also. Maybe I'm going to make it a product. It's end of the video. Subscribe and It's end of the video. Subscribe and It's end of the video. Subscribe and bye-bye.